[Music]
ah
Good morning to all my
patients patients passing by here to
greet them and
[Music]
Hello friends, well, now resting later.
a work day returning to
home to rest a
bit
Good evening family, welcome
one more night of delighted telesalseo
to be here with you one more night
Today we have a live show that I think is
of the most special and I think it can
to get out here something of the most brutal that
we've had good things to see lately
lately lately you already know that I
I have scratched a little what it is
the left egg when I haven't been
I've been bad with Covid when I didn't
They pulled the tooth when I didn't leave
trip So it is true that
Well, let's say lately in plan
months ago yesterday uh yesterday something happened here that the
I really liked it, huh? And I think that
I think that's the key, I think that's the
key of a plural channel of a
channel where all the channels are open
opinions and yesterday Well we were here
with Carmen, who seems to me to be a
Carmen's charm from indiscreet and Look at you
I had been there before but I hadn't
the subject came up and there we were able to
exchange
very healthy opinions on a topic that is not
It involves us personally but in
many other sites cannot be debated
and here the debates were exchanged
positions each one Giving his opinion and it was
a fantasy, that is, I really believe that
It was a fantasy and it was very good and
that this channel is for everyone
world I don't know what you think today
I'm bringing something quite powerful, it's something
that you have asked me a lot for
For months you have asked me a lot and if I don't
I have tried before also because it was
I saw it as quite impossible too, Mimi.
You are absolutely right but
Now I can't get down to doing it anymore
That's also asking for something over there.
that you let her work in peace today
the alane chat if you want to go up somewhere
time to intervene to interview the
today's guests or whatever it is
You ask and you raise, okay, but let's go step by step.
Okay, because first we're going to introduce it.
to each one even if you already know them
They are obviously regulars of this channel
but we are going to give a little
Introduction today takes place here in
telesalseo the first debate
collaborations have had In fact I don't know
If they both on their own will have done
many but they have been here
With me The Two In fact there was a night
very epic that I consider them one of
the hardest nights at our job
not that we were here holding on
staying up late not to wait for the la
Big Jok's famous press conferences
That night we adapted to the schedule
Thailand and so on and today they are going to have here
the exchange of
very similar opinions each one in a
tip I would say Trium Art and
Axel Blade is a blaser, he is a blaser, I have
Blade in the title I don't know if I got it right
You can change Ivan, he is blaser, he is blaser
It's true, Mimi told me before.
start I put Ok and I with my
head in my place as always let's see
The thing here is that you know them
we both did, I think we did a couple
from programming the three together
here but then I haven't followed much
the videos of both are true
that I have sometimes rationed to a
Trium videos and on occasion
We have also reacted to videos of
Axel but you already know 100% what it is
impossible but not with them two but with
all the colleagues who do more or
except for the same themes as us
Because it is impossible for me, okay, but yes,
It costs me because of the clicks I see and because
some opinions that were passed on to me that
their ways after having been here
in the last collaboration we did
They separated a little in opinion, well, it is
They radically separated not a little bit
They separated in opinion eh And they took each
one a position and one path
Okay tonight they are here for
exchange and to defend each one's own
posture is ok, that is, incredible incredible
incredible because I think they are and I think that
No one is going to contradict me on this.
but apart from the fact that they are two pieces of
workers, two pieces of workers
that they get what they deserve, eh?
I think you will not deny me just like
each of us has had a Boom in a
thematic or whatever in the subject
Daniel Sancho are the kings, I believe.
that both trium and Axel are from YouTube
those who have taken the subject and for
always be informed of the subject
channels are worth apart from many others
contents that we are going to pass on
First Axel Hello
very good evening
nights and for the presentation a whole
honor as always to be here with him
King with the king of YouTube eh And always
going a little hand in hand We will not see
Today we will debate how the night goes.
eh with respect obviously eh with
totally contrary opinions no
Although in some points I think they are going
to converge more than people think
because yes yes yes I believe that yes I believe
that there are points where I triumph and
We agree and today we surely do.
we're going to see it, it's not going to be the first
time after so many months that
They're going to see the three of us together.
because many really knew us
for that direct one no that
we did that morning not that
direct incredible no Although in that
direct we knew little about the case it was not
like the first days of course taking
notes I don't remember you there as a one
blog of notes and everything eh Yes it remains
for the memory but obviously
Now we have studied the case much more
and how you and I really met
eh Yes yes of course, I mean totally casual
fortuitous and on top of that it was a case that later
It was super viral because I met him
Axel was the thing about auron Play no and vin the thing about
Auron and Vin, that is, we met.
on a call on a call that
It would be worth millions to publish it, okay, that is.
we met at a
video call in which we were
auron Play and vin in the same Chamber I
auron Play vin and taisa and Axel and
We were there trying Axel and I
mediate between Sara villin and taisa no
with all the fuss they had, I
What really happened was totally
It just so happens that Axel interviewed him
and Taisa the subject of Villin came up there
totally unexpected it went viral
the several days that clip with the
It just so happened that I saw that the person who
I did the interview, it was Axel and he followed me.
And then I say, damn, let's go.
Let's talk, let's exchange here, let's see
If we can do something and that talk came out
between villain and well that in the end
they turned out well because then itaa even
He asked me for a video of Auron for his
children and so on and then we have
coincided again and the truth is that
Both with Trium and with you, it's great.
a lot of cordiality, yes it is true that
with trium Well I have followed more the
content of Joseph because because Joseph has
We've been here almost every week.
been hand in hand taking the issue and
although I have reacted to several videos
yours here live and I have seen
many clips that have been uploaded in
Twitter I have not followed the complete Estela
of everything you have talked about and of all
the interviews that by the way are not H
Good because you got Banguer
You have achieved a lot of
spectacular interviews banguer se
Don't call me balfagn, you mean balfagn
balfagn balfagn Who was banguer
Who was banguer nobody finished me cl me qu
crazy you've come back you've come back
be with Jose in some live show afterwards
of which here I think that it does not seem to me
that no no no I don't think we did anything
more and you have seen his videos
eh the last thing I saw I think I only saw
the live show that took some photos
and just like some photos of some friends of
Ed challenges but as such I am the one who
peer channels are difficult
follow it no because in the end it is that
YouTube is all day all day on
plan upload video upload video upload video
No, in the end it's work all day long without
stop and it almost practically doesn't give you
time to see what others have to do, no. Because
Many many people also ask us how
Axel but investigate this investigate now
the other no because I as we did
Some research videos are like
Axel but really eh You don't like this
news don't react to this video no eh
but we make video every day or once
interview every two days or every three
It's really hard to get to grips with it
investigate one thing or another as well and with
all of us who are already or rather in a plan to
The same thing happens to me with everyone
companions of the gossip so many
kids like those here from the heart A
I sometimes see a cover and
Sometime I'll look at this topic and see.
If I inform myself in the video of such Me
I report in the video about such but
impossible to keep track of them all
no and which one
would be your position on the subject for the
people know where we come from and why
This debate arises from a very controversial position
By the way, yes.
true yes yes yes the truth is that
final eh when we did that live in
August, eh, something seemed to me already
rare, I already mentioned it, not in that
straight from the ticket topic I don't know how it is
And I already said it no but it seems that neither
had looked at the case in depth
but there was a moment when I said I did a
click and said Okay I'm going to get into this
case thoroughly because this kid or
They want to sentence this guy to a prison sentence
death and I'm going to look into the case in depth
I'm going to investigate a lot and I'm leaving.
to try to stay with one
opinion not with an opinion based on what
that I had collected and the interviews
that had made forensic experts to the
lawyers Well a little bit of everything
We interviewed practically
all the points that are in a case no and
In the end we saw many strange things in it
that is the case things that do not
they matched, it didn't fit us at all.
I'm not saying that Daniel Sancho can't
supposedly become or
allegedly the culprit of the crime
but to condemn saying person is
guilty of a crime with premeditation
and dismemberment which is something that
It draws a lot of attention, I think it should be
look at the case enough to investigate it
investigate and then give an opinion
based on what you have
Clearly, there are many people who
directly Define your position as no
I know if you confirm it or not.
deny the innocence of
Daniel, let's see how it is, I have doubts.
like everyone else, I mean, no, no, no
I can say that Daniel Sancho is
innocent because in the end we are here
from a chair Eh yes we have seen
different points from reporters who
have been there that eh people that that
they have spoken to you there was not a moment that
that for example on Instagram they reached me
eh in the morning I woke up with 100
messages and it was always Daniel Sancho
from Thailand people living in
Copn Gang even people from the Islands
that he told me a lot of information and and
In the end, it seems that you are also getting better.
to an idea of what that is like because
really we from Thailand when
We started with the case that we didn't even have
idea The truth neither the cases nor how
the Thai police did not work nor
other cases that are similar in that
to some strange things that have gone
coming out in the Sancho case therefore
eh we formed an idea idea not of Y
if he might turn out to be innocent
Daniel Sancho, that's the one I can tell you.
does
eh that's that desire to want to know more about
this case and And if it can obviously
become guilty or if it is eh
we obviously wouldn't defend him
not even a second But according to your opinion you
Would you dare to give me
a
percentage
Oysters, of course, a percentage in plan for
that we see At what point Not in in in What
territory we move in no way
scenario or what percentage you
throw this more of course under your
opinion of guilty or innocent
eh, we're really missing a lot of data, eh
of what there is of the case
We are 4 months away from it and there is the
information that exists but based on the
information that exists and the evidence that has
carried the Thai police I would say
that Daniel
Sancho as to believing he is innocent
I would tell you that 80% is for my [ __ ]. But
that's a lot. I mean, you have 20 of
that you can be
guilty Wow I think what to say Better
a 60 being prudent here does not stop
but no no no 80 let's see 80
we are a remarkable one
High Well, based on what there is now
Same. Well, I would tell you that
That's okay, let's exchange them right now.
data when we see Jos when you put together
I'll see you both in a little while.
perfect buah
wow
wow we are looking at in in the
scenario in which we move, okay Jos
Good evening my Jos, what's up?
How are you, man? Good night. Hey, first of all.
Before starting anything, apologize
to the audience because I have come out of a
flu quotes and I stop because my stomach itches
throat is that Javi knows that I have
been bad all week
past you can say where you come from
Today the dentist removed a tooth from me.
See you tomorrow Well at 12 noon
as they say let's go any day now
Here, well, look, nothing has happened to me.
taken out a lung taken out But oh well
We are here to sing quietly
No, I mean, they pull out a tooth from me and
I've been away for three days, let's go.
has literally passed to the beginning of
This month you hear that until 6 o'clock in the
late had the face that seemed to me
had given something had half of the
face the mouth you sib to reach the podde
talk No no I actually got one
Very clear What happens is that it has not been
judgment not when it is judgment of me I
I had my wisdom tooth removed and I was there for two
or three days without
come taken any medication is the
The anesthesia wore off at 6 or 7
H But those of us who are from Seville is that
we are like that So it is already medicinal
I don't profess or anything like that here
We are delighted to have you here again
Maybe uncle I already missed you and I
Charming, I know that if you call me here
we walk listen to me
eh I don't know if you've seen the whole thing
intervention now by Axel
no and I just stayed right now
I think the whole chat at the same time too
that I was made of stone because I knew and had
an idea not because of the comments I received
They didn't arrive And so you can see that
There are always opinions from all sides
and whatever the case may be there is always
opinions for all sides and apart from that
the success that Axel is having also
Hey, he's having very good numbers.
So that means there are people
that you will agree or that it itches you
or what you want to hear Not what is
exposing this boy eh And he told us
that a
80% he Trusts that is 80% that he is
innocent, that is, he has the advantage of being innocent
I'm guilty with you. Well, I've done a
million programs your position is
I know perfectly well but if you want
put a little in
context what is your position also
you want a percentage I have to talk about
percentage or whatever but let's go if you want
I give it to you for me of guilt a
95 it is quite clear that we are
talking about posture completely
contrary Yes but but I have to say
One thing people do to me all the time
These months that have been treated
Daniel Sanchez case You know that I
I follow one position, he follows another completely
different
eh And people think that I come in and
There is some conflict that I don't care about at all or
we will speak privately
lots of times eh even been
Bad has been asking me how
He was and in the case of Daniel he was healthy too.
We have spoken privately a lot about
times or so between Axel and I no
There is no conflict and we are friends
for a very long time now in fact
since long before the case of
Daniel Snchez That's why I say that people
that creates conflict or polarizes or
think that there are two sides here and that one
has to find the other or to
nothing or rather and today we are not going here to
discuss today we are going to confront positions
He is going to talk about his own things that he already knows.
We've spoken privately, don't go.
add and I have not spoken have you
spoken privately once We
We have talked about the case of Dan San Claro
But I want to tell you that they are confronting
positions and I don't see the dilemma either
He has his idea, his opinion, nor will I give it to him.
to change to it and I can assure you that
He's not going to change it for me like that either.
You believe that it is immovable both the
your posture like that of the man I don't
I know if yours is that will have to
say he mine until now with what
that there is s because there is nothing or
whatever we have are leaks
I go back to the same thing we were saying when
We started. See if they are leaks that
even Axel who has taken Balfagn
not belenguer belenguer but beler is
someone me that
s menger which is that of the Nazis but not
me
It sounds like I'll look for it later, but come on
goodx that has led to balfagn no and it is
assumes that he is part of the team
Daniel Snchez's legal case with Chipi and
with and with Garca Montes he took care of himself equally
how surprised we were
all when the policeman came out saying
that Daniel had not gone directly
from Spain, that is, that is a
information that I suppose the team
Daniel's legal department would already know and would not
has made public not then so that
you see how much is not known
little things are coming out
little spots coming out and you find out
then no So as what they are they are
leaks that not even the team
legal has almost all report Although
Now I don't know if he will have it yet but he doesn't.
I had until recently and they are leaking
Four leaves tell you four things
autopsy we have not seen a yet
complete self-report but features
that they are letting fall, they are letting fall billions
the police drop him they drop him from
Here from there they then tell you about the
reconstruction that if there are five
reconstructions I don't know how many we see two
on television after he dies from this
die from the other they are giving you ideas no
you read the police report you don't read the
report from the prosecutor because people
think Maybe the report of the
police is exactly the same as the
prosecutor and does not have to be the police
You can see some causes of death and the
prosecutor can see others then the prosecutor
is the one who submits his report to the court
Not here in Spain, that's different here.
In Spain, it is done by an investigating judge.
the investigating judge takes all the
tests and makes the report no eh there no
There the prosecutor instructs him and then
elevates the judge no then of course not
We have those official documents and how
We don't have those official documents
They let themselves be influenced by what they go
telling the journalists or what we
the journalists are dropping by because
with the little we can get
one gets an idea or sees it in
a certain way the case from a
external perspective and making taking
some little things that they drop on you
and other things that you have already seen
example the reconstruction of injuries and
maybe today for example I'm going to teach you eh
along with the reconstruction of the injuries
that Daniel presents and those that he presents
Edwin no and I'm going to tell you why some
they are one thing and they are another
Basically because I had an interview
Recently with Borja Moreno I have to
upload the video this week and we talk about
This is not due to the injuries he had
one and that presented another and I return to
repeat are injuries that have leaked
I don't even have an autopsy report.
So with those injuries you're going to see that
in all likelihood the alleged
guilty is Daniel no and then another
thing is leaked this week the fact that
Say Daniel Sancho is not coming from Spain
Therefore such and such it automatically goes
With another person I did not listen to the
police go with another person but
Maybe he hadn't gone alone, he dropped it there
the bomb but he didn't say it at any time
comes acoma comes accompanied that can
I don't doubt it, but what?
It was not said and they are already opening
newspapers with Daniel Sancho went
accompanied be It depends on what one
wants to do there is a thing called
confirmation bias and that's it
we all have it too I tell you and it is
that when one listens to the news always
the
let's say it adapts the profile so that
match your story Not me for
example that I think is guilty
logically with all the information that
I get my brain confirmation
make him think he is guilty
logically Axel thinks he is
innocent your confirmation is going to do
May everything that reaches you be a mold for
that looks innocent
then to change to change from
opinion It should be something but
be a definitive confirmation But
Well, in other ways there is something else to say.
that Daniel Sancho did not do it when he
He himself recognizes it, the only thing he says is
that he does not buy meditation but he himself does it
recognizes And what's more, recognizes the
dismemberment, they don't put that in
doubt and his own defense does not play the b
is innocent except of premeditation or
I think there is little doubt that it is
did another thing is whether there is premeditation or
There isn't, but the fact that he does it is
He acknowledges it and the defense acknowledges it
I see little doubt, but there Axel is now.
will argue what he has to argue
See you in 5
minutes to see brutal brutal family like
the stage is worth it
eh, brutal how the stage is, I think
which is going to be super interesting because
Of course, no matter how much we believe that
This is indefensible, this is indefensible.
debatable and that, for example, Jos
just said no that the whole debate is
ends at the moment that one of the
the protagonists, well in this case no
The accused confesses no and affirms what
has ended the debate but not
the debate is not over, the debate is not over
hasn't even begun to see I'm going to
writing as a few points is worth as one
kind of outline and you are going to help me
you in case I skip any more points
or less will follow a chronological order
from the story it's worth it, eh, I think that
We will all agree that it is beginning to
filter the information not
and Daniel
Daniel travels, travels, okay, has one
relationship or not with Edwin
and change of
hotel not the time you are alone before
about the change of hotel and so on, the fact
in itself the
facts
the meeting of the
body and then once
arrested
we would have the
reconstruction
the
autopsy and I think we'll leave it here
no, that is because later the subject
witnesses the lawyer issue and the issue such
will come out inside of the inside of
those of the topics we have proposed
here it is worth it without further delay I ask you
everyone who clicked a bit of like Okay
when we finish the live show that you
subscribe both Axel and trium if possible
that perhaps there is still someone here who
If you are not, give it a piece of like
you share it directly, notifying everyone
world in networks on Twitter on Facebook and
everywhere we are here it is worth it
I forgot to put it in the group of
WhatsApp but I know you guys are going to do it
We give way to sharing with Trium and Axel
blace I'm going to get down here to
leave you there well There we are
reverse because if you look I look to
there and he looks here it's true because C
there there
Okay, let's see, I've said, I've said
that everything begins with
Let's go, eh? To start earlier.
You said to tell me a percentage that
It was about the 80%, right? You stayed
like freaking out eh There is another percentage that
that I want to give and that is that I believe that
eh For me as I said Triu 95 by I think
that the crime is not premeditated
But you can't believe that it was premeditated
if you think he is innocent or he is or he is
is it a role or is it Z I mean or rather
from the case of the case of being that
20% 95% would not be premeditated
Okay, well, now we'll get to that point.
because we're going from the beginning, okay? I know.
that you both know all the facts
all cameras all reports and
all the news that has come out about
the topic Then I would start if you want
for the topic of Daniel traveling to
Thailand Daniel arrives in Thailand arrives
a couple of days before Edwin and ago
your little things there about that trip
we have several movements
Axel shared the topic in Primicia
from watching shows and such
the first day he is on the island It seems
What's up with the mu not checking in?
Ban bread then goes to the mui and the day
Next they say it's about shopping
Ok, do you have any opinion on that?
contrary about what happens in those
days from one another I think it starts
Axel, I think there is already some contrary idea.
I think that in the matter of purchases, no, I
I think those purchases seem like a
normal purchase no I don't see it eh not at all
a dismemberment kit not as like
You mention it, I see it as a purchase
if he was really going to rent the bungalow yes
If it was that day to rent the bungalow Me
It seems that it goes to 4 as it says
lady and then she goes shopping No
therefore it seems to me that
it is a purchase
that really
No, I don't see any premeditation of
wanting to commit a crime based on that
buy because you have to buy fruit
a melon
knife garbage bags
eh a pack of film rolls one
saw not a saw does not buy does not buy
Sierra buys two knives buys roll
from fi buy scouring pad buy bag of
garbage from
sack buy buy all kinds of
anyway anyway I say one
so he goes to the bungalow as you said
and then goes shopping when he arrives
to the bungalow realizes that the bungalow is
fully equipped has knives
has pans has pots has
covered and yet he goes and buys others
knives and buy other products but
food that buys a little bit of fruit you
You talk to any cook and he says
Hey, if you're going to cook, huh? You're going to leave.
to a bungalow that is fully
equipped that you buy for kitchen I doubt
much more than what I tell you knife or
either you buy a skimmer or you
you buy a colander or you buy a
ladle to stir the food You buy
spices salt oil vinegar eh pepper
but you don't buy anything, that is, you buy two
knives If you say there is no
I have the saw there that put the
saw eh a saw as I have it
sack garbage bags I would say
cook a pig because the bags of
You don't buy bag garbage for yourself
You buy a house when you have a garden
for pruning
eh And a lot of things that they don't have
nothing to do with cooking that
logically one wants to dismantle and say
that for cooking, well, I understand. No
but the bungalow was totally
equipped in fact the knives that to
finally used for the
dismemberment as it is commented are
Those who have their own bungalow do not use it
yours because the ones you buy are
the ones on the bu are blunt. Why buy?
knife because it has to be undone
of them because you are not going to use them
throw away the bungalow ones so that later
ask for explanations what happens that
then he realizes that he needs it more
those of the bungalow because they cut better than
the others But well that's my point
view eh but whatever
Which ones have you denied any of?
products that Trium has said Yes s the
Sierra is no longer in the report of the
prosecutor's office and even that purchase of that
Sierra is not made that day but it is
an hour ago before Ed arrives
supposedly you drive to the island, not that
It is supposedly purchased at Hmart.
It's a hardware store and it says there that it buys
another knife another saw a board
of chopping potatoes, which in the report
of the prosecution's office as to the
objects eh That Sierra no longer exists
disappeared, that is, the mountain range evaporated
now no good it is not listed in the of in the
of the prosecutor but it does appear in that of the
police for example, eh, I'll give you the case
Alccer in the Alccer case in the report
of the civil guard there are objects that
They do not appear later, for example, in the act
of the court there are times that objects
They are not put on for some reason but no
why should it not be included in a report and
In another I have said before that the report of
the police are totally different from
prosecutor's report then the prosecutor does
Yours may not have seemed to you. It's that
the Sierra test Maybe the
images weren't good or whatever and
He didn't want to bring her in but the police
Yes, it says that they exist. That is, there are two.
You have the police reports and the one from
prosecutor and it is not the only case in which
you find it there are many cases that
the police body removals
judicial makes its report and then does not
appears in the judge's report by
any reason because it was not argued
the judicial secretary did not put it
did a thousand things or that is what you
I mean that at first yes
appears and in the second no good no that
that it simply disappears that the
The prosecutor has seen fit not to include in his
report for whatever reason, clear but which one
It is the household goods of the Bugin Villas El Bugin
Villas have equipment in terms of
knives to reach to dismember a
body as seen in those images that
there were the bones
closed there is a kitchenware used in this
in case you are saying Jose that that
Daniel Sancho used the knives of the
bungalow no But what is that household goods
because the household goods that come out in the
photographs of the bung are knives
what they serve you in the restaurant, that is
there isn't even a knife eh
large dimensions not of knives
They have a They have a kit of
knife that they have not only the bung
Villas you can see the others the others
bungalows that are there that suit you
kitchens that are identical and their designs come to you
knife kit I don't know exactly
What is the bungalow knife kit?
because I haven't been there but I know there is
a knife kit because you have them
it is more than completely
the kitchen is equipped, eh, I mean, you look and
You will see how fully equipped it is and
you put it on and it is fully functional
And if you read people's comments
who has gone to the bungalow they tell you perfect
the kitchen but there is no where to buy
food because it is very far from the
supermarket eh or so and things like that no O
so no we didn't cook because it was absurd
because it was too far from the supermarket
and things like that you find in your own
comments from the bungas bungalow
Villa if I'm caught or you listen to me or
No, no, yes, I said that it was being dismantled.
the premeditation eh With what ah with the
the subject of knives because if he didn't use them
those that he supposedly bought as we saw
in that one in those videos of the purchase and
Now they say he used the ones from the bungalow there
premeditation seems to fall a little
not really because it is not there
using the knives that supposedly
purchase to carry out what is the
crime No if I buy a knife I will give myself
note that those who cut more are not
that the appraisal is that mine do not
used because they cut less use
others who cut more when I go to the
topic how much less that is a little
a little strange you are not going to buy
knives and suddenly you don't use the ones you
They were already in the bungalow and now they are also
with knives Sierra is not that how how
It really is that I am very attracted to it
attention that there is a cut elbow bone
leg with those knives that were there
in the bungalow or
sincerely with those who bought in the
supermarket you can do that
HE
can You know that the knives You
you know that butchering knives
They are like that with those who dismember you
cow so tiny 14 cm like that and you
they dismember one
cow is that we think that for
to dismember a body it takes a
axe or is it necessary No no to quarter a
body with a little knife so you can
you butcher the cows, they are bigger
that a person and a pig weigh a lot
more than a person and what you give a thing is
It depends on how you do it but as it was
and how do you draw in it what you draw
that is, we don't have, we don't have, we don't have one
femur there is no femur for Daniel because there is no
appears we do not know if it cuts it closes it or
you try to close it or you don't try to close it
what has appeared is known to have been
cut by the joint is the shoulder
It's the head, good man, no no no no
that there are bones apart there is bone cut it
the hands have appeared the hands have appeared
head
of the 17 parts what
parts if you have to send me somewhere
moment some drawing some video what
be it or I can put it on screen to see
appeared eh left hand if not me
I've got the wrong part of the arm, huh?
Also part of a leg it seems to me
that the two feet did not appear either
The torso of the two does not appear afterwards
appears the
head and part of a man it seems to me
which is but we don't have any big head
I'm saying from memory, "Eh, yes, no, yes, yes."
but we don't have any big bones
that tells us it is closed, that is, there is no
no big bones if you look closely
small bones that are disarticulated
femur is closed as we see in
elb and the and the elbow is also what
They say what the report says is that
That part is closed, I have
understood that they are disjointed. That is
that open at the joint
separate That is, if you put the knife in
the joint and separates and opens
I have no evidence that
were closed is that we have
seen the photos eh we have seen the
photos
closed What do you mean if we have
something where it is closed No some
note that is not possible
That's not it, but I can't put it on myself.
I passed by a forensic friend of mine
I spent one of the biggest parts they said
If you give me a second I'll find what you need.
He also said in his It is true that if
does the shopping the day before
He doesn't have time to cook anything either.
because what really happens in the case
the whole chronology of what happens in
the case is very very little time everything
which takes place not since
the crime supposedly occurs until
They are already looking for it, there is very little
time I see that's what I see, I see it strangely
time that elapses since the
Thai police
supposedly they have that phone call from
that at 12 o'clock in the morning they find that
hip and those intestines in that
landfill which is the first thing that is
finds that nothing else is found OR
a hip is found in a
landfill because people are saying
They didn't know it was Edwin
because they really found the
belongings of this not in what is the
landfill But it's a lie, that is, that day
only one hip appears and the
intestines Not what is it that appears in
that bag was not like the clothes
The truth is that the clothes do not seem to me like that.
It's until the 4th at Eh well no
I remember the time but it was around 10
in the morning or something like that more or less no
the next day then it is not the day
next the fourth but it is not until the
day 6 that the head appears That is the
head does not appear until day 6 which
It seems strange to me that it is how it tasted like it was ar
Elia 3n calling that, it is not known, that is not known
It is known, it is suspected, let's see when
There is a missing person and in that
At the moment there is only that person
disappeared and they appear right away. Well, everything
makes you point to him is not confirmed
logically but that happens
always the same as when lvaro appears
black on the train Like the only one
missing that there is at that moment by
that area is he is assumed to be
Alvaro but it is not known until it is known
confirm How to confirm first with
personal items and then compare them
with DNA But the first thing is the loss
personal Hey what clothes was this wearing?
another agrees with this and tells you that they give
He has it on day 5, the clothes look like the
four or so it is not confirmed and
logically even when Daniel is left
arrested I am sure that the police
I wasn't sure it was Edwin.
presupposes because everything fits or is
a person who is missing who
He is wearing pants of this color that
wears a shirt like that then it
logically presupposes no confirmation and
It is not confirmed until it reaches the
DNA before we get into and And when
When the DNA arrives, I don't know.
when it arrives but DNA also
people are very confused people are
think that the DNA is going away
little swab, that is, I take it out
swab and I'll send it to you by email. No, I don't.
What I do is I go to a laboratory
as a reference they test me and
data from that test is what is compared
That is what Lu commanded but in one day
One day you may know that it is the DNA of
that person's DNA becomes fast what
I don't know when they did it to him either.
I'm telling you, it wasn't on the 6th or the 10th.
or the 12th or the 14th I don't know Then the
day four there are obituaries and masses in
lorica of itself And because it already said Le
They said it was him I'm telling you that
It is pre-signed, not confirmed but
Seirma, why did they tell her it was him?
why I knew it was him to me is what
The thing about Thais that I dislike the most
I know how many people would have disappeared In
that moment but it depends is that
I don't know how many people had disappeared
in Thailand or in Copan in that
moment if the only one there is Edwin
assumes that it is Edwin who then already
people or family you don't make one either
you make a mass for him to die
Mass for many things people suspect
A body has appeared today, it is possible
that people be religious religious
He does a mass but it doesn't mean that
do it because you are sure that it is
dead you understand me or not that then he will
Friday or the 4th is Friday
news when it goes viral here in
Spain is Saturday afternoon
eh Saturday Saturday is the fifth no no
Saturday is the fifth that's why I tell you that
The four already made Win masses
Arrieta in
Colombia had a farewell mass
because he has died or a mass asking for
He even had records on Twitter, eh?
Hey, people from Arieda's circle
placing rest in peace laugh on the 4th
in the morning in Colombia eh It's that to m
It seems to me that there had appeared a
fast family body to see the family Dec
It has seemed a body can be him
People who suspect are already starting to think
Hey, well, let's see, we've got two.
two days without him speaking to us without him speaking to us
I called without knowing anything and disappeared
a body appears whose clothes match
Do you understand me or not? Well, basically.
white in a bottle but they are not masses
of the deceased, that is done after
Masses can be held because they can be
people say mass for whatever they want
Many people disappear and go to ask for it
to the church and pay for a mass. Hey, one
mass for my family and such which is strange
Well, there will be people who see it as strange. Not me.
I find it strange that a super Osa family
that his son has been missing for two days
without contacting them once
person who called quite a few times
father especially to the father and sister
to report to say that I am
Well, so and so has been without for two days
give news they tell you that they have found
a body because logically you fit in and
familiar prta to see a question
Regarding this, you both have a
lot of cases This is not the only case
that you treat channels are treated by everyone
the cases then eh Usually
I ask, okay, I don't know more than
what what the jobs I do with
You normally discuss the topics I cover
That's how I always do it with you guys, eh?
When someone disappears
a person disappears there is suspicion
there is always a suspect always points
more to a person a disappearance to a
this one thing and that thing, normal, eh, so that
give a person for dead is eh
moment in which the plan is confirmed
the body appears and becomes one
autopsy and confirms that it is that person or
already at the moment
that they already have the idea made that has
dead is already considered dead, do you understand me?
that is, what is the moment in which it occurs
by deceased to the point that but
at the legal level at the legal level The papers
not legal but Hey my relative has died
Rest in peace Manuel but that's it
I said it Let's see there is a moment in the
who is legally considered deceased
logically I imagine that here legally
It is when it is compared and is already legally
It is known that it is him eh when the family
He thinks he's dead. Well, yes.
I have been waiting for TR days four five
My family's DNA is still not in contact
contact and the only person who has
the only body that has appeared
this appeared then the one appears
head you already consider him dead Although
then they will confirm it to you within a few days
Let the appear
DNA But you give it up for dead In fact
for example here when a appears
body You are going to identify it and I will speak to you
of new cases for example maril lugu or
any of them you go what you
They teach clothing especially on bodies
that are already very deteriorated do not you
They show you the clothes, they show you if they are wearing anything
some a bracelet and such And you say Hey
Well, yes, it matches, right? Then you say
that you already agree as a family member
most people think he's dead
logically legally not legally
until it is confirmed no no that it is
can confirm by many things the
iroscope eh before it was done by
morphology, that is, the skull was taken and
measured and such before DNA no but it is
makes a preconfirmation, let's say
What? Hey, the objects match.
personal has been missing so many
days they don't get in touch. Well the most
It's sure that it's not him And that's it
relatives who already give it as well as
deceased and appears everywhere
Hey says, a body has appeared in such
lad eh It's probably what gives the
news and the next day they are
saying Hey they say yes that it is already
This Y tamba has not had his DNA done yet.
and it is because it has been identified
personal objects not logically
legally not legally I imagine because
I don't know how the laws work either.
Thailand until it is not
confirmed that it was from and all story no
will have walked as if it were legally
the family has not yet received the fact
the body so it has not yet
been able to have culture or much
At least you said that with your head you are not
okay no Ah no no I mean now it was
because of that they did not receive the
body no but yes That is, not what no
I agree that what I
It seems strange not what I said about the
speed with which they know that it is that
person without any DNA evidence because
Even the reporters were like, "Yes."
because here in Thailand they are very fast
no the investigation How fast it was no
They went to these chambers such
eh the sister's call eh what for
time had been I don't remember at
12 at night Colombia eh day 2 and at
12 o'clock in the morning or at the same time
that calls the sister appears the hip O
be at the exact same time that is a
madness that is a coincidence how how
I don't understand that, I don't understand that, that's it.
I don't know but then the sister calls
for the hip to appear I don't know what
I want to do with that no no no no no What
call is the one we talk about what
call we talked no no no no I don't say that
that she is the sister for whom she appears
the hip, that is, I'm saying one
simply by chance that Sister
He says he called at that time and he showed up
the hip at 12 the next day
No. That is, day 2 in Colombia and day 3
Yes but what is the what is the Or
The sister is calling because she is
pending the
Hey, it is found, it is not found, you know?
something and the sister calls and appears
hip but what is the correlation
from one information to the other no no Or
It came to me like this regarding the subject
schedules that the topic of the was going to say
schedules and it came out like that but what
yes but there is no correl no that there isn't
correlation is very easy
coincidence like that No because yes yes it has
your relative is missing you will be
calling c 10 minutes for balls In a
Something appeared from those, let's see even so, eh
call, that is, the first contacts that
are made
Eh, with a senator who is the one who puts himself
in contact with the Colombian embassy
in Thailand because he is a friend of a
because he is a friend of a friend of the
sister that's why they call a senator or rather
logically they had really passed passed
Whatever happens you have to take into account
it counts but there has to be a schedule
fixed for a person to call to
worry about other I mean
if my brother gets in touch
with me every day three times and the
first day it doesn't work anymore I'm calling
from the moment one me and there is no
nothing strange what I'm going on a trip then yes
I for
example my brother disappears in the
the town next door doesn't complicate my life
I'm going to the next town, I ask, but
If my brother disappears in Thailand and
I have the opportunity to talk to
someone from there because a friend of mine is
Senator, I speak with him today.
diplomat calls the embassy and asks
because I have no option to speak
with them no and he did him the favor is that
It's not going to be anything strange, but come on, hey, there you go.
people who may be strange but I'm not
I think you Lu would have done it since
then or rather thinking about it for the in the in
the one in that position really but I I
I don't want to be here but I don't know
where we want to get to with the issue of
sister, that is, I am the one who is perhaps
that the sister has something to do with
with crime or no no no no it's that no
Let's go with the sister theme
because we are here putting the brother
I don't know exactly what that is
lost to see that point I don't understand it
For example, I don't understand the
sister but well that I don't no O
I'm not even involving my sister.
not to friends or anyone who has anything
to see what the event is, what it is
It happened, I say, eh, that the investigation is going on
too fast is too much
fast practically no no no eh
felt the first movements that
What does the Thai police do if they go here?
the cameras and such They say they see everything
the history of the cameras and in a
Now they have Daniel's recording
Sancho From the day before, or rather, they saw each other
24 hours of recording returned to the other
24 hours of recording were watched each day
They returned the next day and saw each other for 24 hours.
recording and there they got the
images of Daniel Sancho eh in some
hours no eh what I mean by the
sister is that maybe already
eh I already knew not the same as the best I knew
The Thai police already knew
eh what could have happened and then
That's when they broadcast that
information
eh earlier than expected or earlier than
what was happening with what they are doing to us
telling that he had to do with the days
following not the 4th day the 5th day and the
Day 6 when that reconstruction is done
because on the 4th there is already one
reconstruction recorded in all the
televisions all televisions
They have the image of Daniel Sancho on the day
4 eh when not even c eh
had practically found Ah lo
They have the five, the five. Ah, it was Daniel.
no, the four has the five, the five
no no no the cu no the day TR the day 3
They arrest Daniel and he goes to the police station and
It is d c the arrest warrant is from the day
look at him But the day when he goes to the police station
and they let him go and then Daniel comes back
loene c I had to stay on day C of
anyway you Well, on the 4th there is
a recorded and published reconstruction
I have had to
c the media of Thailand I have to you
I have to correct both of you.
The two are worth it, it's the six. The Six is Good.
after is before but anyway what I'm getting at
That's not that, no. How come the six is clear?
If you don't have up to five, but oh well
It's the same, eh. It's not possible.
debate no no no no look I share it
Ok, look, he was held on day 3 and he won't come out.
more non-tribal Thai has approved this
Sunday, August 6, the request of the
police to arrest Daniel Sancho
for the murder of the Colombian but
see if an obituary comes out on the 4th
Colombia how Daniel will be arrested
Sancho on the 6th what does that have to do with
that the family thinks that he has died
son or brother to stop
Daniel Sancho, that is to say, we are
saying obituary Jose no no no I don't know
If they put up an obituary, they say there is a
body possibly your brother and they put
I neither enter nor leave an obituary.
the same but what I'm getting at is that it has
that has nothing to do with the police investigation
It has absolutely nothing to do with a
fam already thinks he's dead and for one
obituary one thing is detention with
accusation and something else is retained
Daniel Sancho is reunited the day he goes to
police station, you won't get out of there anymore, that's what it is
says la la
girl Israel says she doesn't go out anymore but
The Israeli mass here what they put
papers that stop the D 5 good
that's it, I can assume many things
things but that's what the papers say on the day
5 let's see. The six comes out in all the
means eh No I have I have the order of
I don't have the arrest that had her here.
I had it and it may be it may be that it was
the cco in Europe I ask I don't know no less
or more or there less or
more there has already passed today but
So how can it be that on the 4th
there is a reconstruction and there is no
reception yes there is good the day the
On the 4th there is a report on YouTube with
all the steps that Daniel Sancho takes
But if the reconstruction leaks into
measured months later
LL what what
That report you're telling me about, huh? Well,
see what I look for here all the means me
They give the six, that is, the order of
arrest The Six eh5 Well I had it
I'll look for it for you and I had the order. Have it here.
What happens is that I don't have it, the truth is
I'm surprised by the subject of I don't know
if the news would arrive on the 6th and
then it would be the day before that too
It could be because of course the 6 was already
the day I do the live show with Fran
which was already the next day of course.
true that the excuse now that it
I remember it was the visa issue that
They say that they will revoke his
visa the fifth is when he already confesses
Daniel Sant date August 5 no no the
five is when they stop it I have it
Here on your page I think that adem J Yes it is
my Pineapple
But then what happens from the day
3 that the police station goes until the 5th what
This is what happens as far as I understand
According to what they tell me, on the 3rd they go and leave him
go out eh five on the 3rd on the 5th the det
there is the order of
detention is that there are things that can be
but papers or rather Ah I can't say
that is c and there is no more there, that is, there is no more there
There's your aunt, but well, it's the same if not
let's get to that, let's get to that
Let's go, we're not going to make it D 5 or
he is being held on the 3rd at
12:30 which is when he goes to the police station
the girl at the foot of the police station in a
curb that says and is not there until the day
5 eh He is not being held that they accuse him that
he is not being held back, they leave him
go out but then what happens
from day 3 to day 5 there is some
Daniel Sancho did something Daniel Sancho
From day 3 to day 5, that is, they arrest him
and he is on the island after two days
But I don't know what he did next.
I'm saying that they let him out
The information I have is that they leave it
actually leaving the arrest arrives the day
5 I think not I think not
came out we don't have we don't have where
look at it so that it is an objective fact
even what they are
some part of the research of the
The police are there and they tell them what they are
the reporters who, for example, to Maria
Alvarez No, eh, to the girl who is
go to the girl who was there
waiting because this guy is not going to
go out again more than
there from
August Mara varez was the one who left
then to samui not looking for jail no
So the reporters since
Daniel's case began and has gone
telling stories and sometimes they have
approached other times, but that's why I tell you
that in the end they are all leaks, right?
There is nothing official, the only thing official now
same thing there is that we know that
They are arrested on the 5th because there is an order
of arrest on day 5 Beyond that
What there are are testimonies of one
testimonies of another
officially praised on day c accused
officially and the three arrested but
You have the paper Because what I
taught is the arrest warrant that is
He has said many things but that is the
arrest warrant of day 5 is the warrant
of detention and it is the 5th to see the
Murder is the night of the TR to the cu no
Or two two two two the night of 2s
to TR worth Daniel spends the day out with
some girls and at night the day the
night From the 3rd to the 1st we were going to the party
the moon Then it does not get to go because it
He goes to the police, of course he goes to the police station.
and Ah That's when they stop him and he
That's what they've told us so far.
now and that's what everyone says
police investigators
or he goes out, they let him out, they let him out
go out and where and and those days that are not
I know where it goes I don't know where it goes I know that
then they arrest him at least
information that reaches me, that's it
They let him out and he goes for the first time and it
They let you out, yes, but every day you go and do it
that is, he, he, he is not, he is not during the same
day of the crime when he reported it
late already and then the sister at night
before I get to the party
moon he goes back at night to the
police station and he doesn't leave from there, that's because yes
If Triun is saying that, for me it is
some information Look it is when it says
when you file the complaint when you file the complaint
complaint at 12:44 then goes to
sleep at piman and after meeting with
the lady on the motorcycle and they don't go
They are taken back to the police station from the
Piman that same day is what they give me
Right now I don't know because I don't have it
here in front but F is what they gave me
to me he
They stop him and then he goes to the piman
sleep and the next day is when
They put together the motorcycle and then
They stop from the same piman is what
They let me know, I don't know, that is, 24 hours
after the crime, I was the day
I don't remember but the same day
that between the four and the five between the
but that information that I have
They happen to be more the same as they are
leaks that may or may not be
It seems that we are there with that issue
So what
only no story sounds familiar to me or that
I what but to one one thing here is
It cannot be the information that
is giving Trium here it can't be because
the issue that the piman had a checkout
the same day 3 or the third day no
could stay overnight in that hotel no
because I already had the checkout and it was had
that going to another one would not be what in this case would be
the four Ah, he has it, that is, the 4 returns
in the afternoon and the 5th is already stopped
When they make the arrest I'll tell you what
They are happening to me, I can't tell you more
It can't be, it can't be that it's not
It may be that this was retained in the
police and officially arrested when
They have the order but the police station is there
Likewise, but it is that the day the day TR
among all day they say it is the
first time they are going to do the
inspection even the witness says so
German that we saw eh As you are commenting
a no the four the four is when it
Checking in at the Piman, they tell me, eh
I don't know the four I don't know what I
I can tell you
To say that information I'm going to say one
Okay, and so you have a glass of water
and and Cool okay Why Well because look
because both Jose and Axel are going to clarify
right now look I'm already seeing them
the two drinking water and looking for the
information to confirm it because it is
I have to tell you something very
important audience very
important today marks one year of
Marina in telesalseo and we have to
Spending 2 minutes is worth 2 minutes today
Congratulations Marina, we love you!
we miss
Come back Good night family How are you?
I think you've had a Tuesday.
Spectacular Well I am here today very
Well accompanied, I think they are not necessary
many presentations But well how
you are Marina in nal good good good
that we were commenting on before you
You even have this hairstyle that you have given us
that you have set us a first date has
what to be
special
are
Sunday
[Music]
heart
We are waiting for you here, here is your place.
There is your place on Wednesdays and
Sundays are yours And they will be when
come back okay Thank you very much to everyone and
what a huge huge kiss
huge and good excuse me
interruption of the debate is fine but there was
that something had to be dedicated to him
I hope he's watching us if he isn't.
Seeing that, I'll tell you about it tomorrow.
but man the birthday the birthday
80 something programs eh 80 something
Marina and I programs are many hours
putting up with me for many, many hours
putting up with me okay So nothing Marina a
huge kiss Here is your house and here
There are your people waiting to see you
what we are discussing about the Day of
the arrest Where we arrived with the day
because nothing because Nothing is clear in
This case That is the Because we do not have
the official reports that is what
It seems to me that nothing is clear that has
been all leaks eh a dossier of
police that there are many things in the
From the prosecutor's office we see that there are no things that
no, they don't have any logic
eh from what we are seeing the schedules
do not fit we see that he rents the motorcycle to
the 1st of the same day that is arriving at
There are too many things in which we
They were saying that they don't fit in.
match and that makes us doubt
many but maybe they are some
doubts based on something that in which
he has made a mistake that can be made
in Thailand in Beijing or in Spain
maybe yes but what I go is what I
I said before, that is, we are basing ourselves on
leaks then that's why
impossible to do to change its shape
think or mine But what was the point Or
whether they change their inclination if
It's three or four or six to me.
none, let's see, we have to make one
chronology of events based on what
what has happened and what they have told us
to break down a case yes yes really
He did not stay detained and was there until the
Day 5, wandering around the island.
so it is eh even the thing about the
premeditation is even up to
It's not stranger than going to the police station
report the disappearance of the person
that you supposedly killed, they arrest you
eh supposedly they make you one
inspection there because that's what they say
They don't take those photos there, no, because
They say that the photos are from the same day
three because what I say about that being the one
four is the reconstruction It is that I
I think Daniel himself says it, eh?
Daniel himself says that he doesn't care, he doesn't care
I'm behaving very well, that is.
what he is saying is that the
day 4 eh He is not accused no that is until
On the 5th when he accuses me I am
behaving very well is saying no
So I see there that even up to
Daniel is saying that that
reconstruction that we are assuming
that it is the 4th day that we see it in the
in what the reports are
Thai television people
Thais eh Thais Sorry it's the
day 4 when those reps come out when to
Daniel is taken to be rebuilt.
The detainee is wearing handcuffs. Yes, that is.
Daniel is arrested at the
Daniel's reconstruction is not going as one more
to tell the story he is arrested because
goes with the handcuffs and comes out with the
wives and that I gave this Pando well another
another day not the first one that comes out in
television then came out another
Two came out, that is, rec came out later
There were several reconnaissances and he comes out with the
wife who is taken away so that she can
hit the blow Sure but that's after
the other one is before the TV one before another one
No no, well, Tele5 used to be there, but also
Daniel landed on the 5th when he was already
is stopped from doing the reconstruction
lvaro Lpez the reporter lvaro Lpez
who spoke to all the people in the
Police tell me that this reconstruction
It's the 4th, he confirmed that to me here.
in an interview that I also did with him
because we have a news item from the newspaper
Seville is worth it, eh, that this news from the 5th
September and here we have these already
photographs that I would say are
photographs belong to one of the
so many reconstructions that were done
No then we can say that
probably by the 4th there would already be one
reconstruction
no or the
six man if you're watching that on the 5th
Well, a SEP 5 of
September Ah September 5th okay it is
I don't see it eh I don't see it well this time
The news is from C and we already have it.
photography therefore I understand that
and a first reconstruction has already been done
a second or a
first okay sure sure but that is
September that's September that's it
The problem is that there is no
official documentation has been given to me
asked me a lot
people why don't I make the chronology
Why don't I make the documentaries that
I do the series and I can't do it
is that we still do not have documentation
official who will give you an account of the
facts So I'll tell you now such pa pa
so that later when we have that It is
when we can start the doubt or that is
when we have the story
official of the facts and now or well
because we have all the all the
documentation or because a
trial and we have some proven facts
eh what is the investigation is going to you
tell your story and there we can doubt
when we have that story I am from the
way of thinking I mean if now when I
Give me the full story and tell me
such a day they arrest him such a day such a day
pass the story because there you can doubt
but right now we are basing ourselves
only in leaks only in
what the press is reporting on what
one says in what another says in what
press that even when the
press conference trying to convince
bos of things or because there had been
leaks that did not match what
what was being said then is all
leaks Well a report
police with all the schedules and everything
what happens on those days is not on the 3rd
find this on day 4 on day 6 The the
day there is a reconstruction that is the
that Antena 3 leaks That is the day
6 that reconstruction but Daniel
has the five, it could be that the five
I also did some in fact I think that
There are five, no, Axel, five recruits, good, it is.
that's what they said at the moment no no
We know if he comes out with several
clothes, I, I, at least three, yes there are
but five I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know
I think they said five of them.
I don't know, I don't know how many there are, okay, let's see.
of the topic of the topic of that
Daniel chose a different hotel
that I had reserved
ewin what does that tell you
I do tell you what I think.
I think that as another hotel because the one that
reservation is a hotel not an apartment
hotel as such where it has more
privacy and for whatever you want to do
the apartment is supposedly better for him
hotel that the hotel I had booked with
Ed, I think, let's see, but that's my point of view.
view eh Well I reserved it and
such no Because the other was the panim no
They say that they raise you not like in a
cart of these and such to what it is for
the entire reception and to enter it
That hotel is huge, not the Paman.
No, we have very little of that and
after the bugin which is where it is done
the reconstruction of that Villa not so much
white what do you really say and it is
He committed that crime not on August 4th
As I say, that reconstruction that is
looking at the whole place
impeccable incredible Daniel that
hire for a cleaning company
because he really made good use of it
time to clean up all the la la
alleged crime scene is even
that on the 13th they say that they say that he carries
there some girls no While
supposedly there is the body of
Edwin in what is the isolated hotel
They say that there is one with some girls in the
pool they are not out there bathing and not
I know they wanted to get inside and I know
I found there a scene not first
First The question was why
Do you think Axel will take another hotel if he already
I had one reserved with his appointment for me
It seems strange also another thing that is that
They put a video of Daniel Sancho going
supposedly to rent That bungalow no
goes to that place to rent the bungalow
they put there in that video and looking at
what is the video we find
that the person who leaks the reports
Thais, I don't see Dan there, that is.
apart from the fact that it is at 12 at 12 they say
who went to look at the bungalow to see how
was and at 4 or 5 he is going to talk to the
lady and rent it not that same day
I think he rents it or why
really
Hey, I wanted to prepare a feast of food.
we see those purchases or because
eh then on day three I no longer had it
And besides, it was a place like
quite expensive apart is that really the
The hotel and bungalow theme is strange, it's strange
Because first one said in one place
then that bungalow that they said it was
those cabins that appeared at the beginning
I know if you remember that place, that place
cabins says another that was the H room
Then there was another one that confirms that
same place we saw it in
straight and then it wasn't any of those
two but
erao wait what you are wanting me yes
What is it that you don't think they went to that place?
hotel I think not Or rather you believe
that no that no that they did not go to that
hotel where the events did not take place
because they didn't pass the yoo I think that
The events did not happen to us there but
the
cameras well we have seen eh many
cases in
Thailand what what is supposedly
can do since
There are so many photos and videos there.
There aren't even any cameras
Cameras that show you the entrance
They go as if on the side, not on the side
cameras broken at the beginning of the
bungalow entrance Why Why is there
broken cameras These are cameras
objectively not from the same night
Daniel is coming in and out, he comes out with
bags come in empty-handed
So you think this is a
assembly Yes I think so, that is not it
It can be debated, that is, clear but based
in
What I think with Mont is already what you
I'm going to say why
what can be discussed but nothing
Why can't you argue about anything? I don't know, no.
I can discuss no I can't debate one
person who says I think it is a
assembly that I debate with you. Of course, because if you
You put a camera and you tell me I think
that it is a setup if Daniel tells me
Sancho who recognizes the dismemberment
and you're telling me that no, what do you do?
I can debate there because I can't.
debate with you something that you think
It's not, I mean, I can tell you, look at those
cameras have it so far there are 25
cameras that capture the movement of
Daniel Sancho has not refused yet.
that he is not even the defense
clues indicate that it is not because it is not
can say anything I mean there are things that are not
They can deny it but yes but let's see
We are here, we are here to debate
so that you debate no Then Axel you
You think they didn't step into the hotel despite
that there are some cameras and that well
Well, there are the clothes of
ewin the properties not of them No
Man, obviously I don't either.
I affirm I know nothing based on the
evidence and things make me
rethink that based on the schedules
that I think don't fit first
He says that the beach goes down to
7:57 That is, at 7:57 everything is over.
It's crazy the times that mark
there 7:57 and returns at 8:20 I mean you don't
the times match they say that here it goes
supposedly to buy the kayak that
pay 000 But they say no that later
that he's not going there for the kayak thing
but the next photo they put is a
11:32 and there he goes on a motorcycle, that is, to go
You have to walk to the kayak but
They put a photo on a motorcycle. Then the
research team said that
when he went to the street and when he
He undid the remains in the first strip
from 7:57
At 8:25 what happens is that I say I left
debated with the lady and came to the
kayak stand and 20 minutes to
go inside and throw away body parts and
get to the same point in 20 minutes no
It makes sense but then they say that
go but it is that the same day the 3rd of
August they say they already find some
remains in the landfill no eh then eh
to the parts that are
find in the dump When it goes there
more trips between 11:32 and
2:48 And we did not see it either,
it fit us eh the garbage trucks
not that they were from one area and from another
Sir says it's in the Bigy area
supermarket but under reconstruction
They say it is in Hing Kong Bay that
It is like in the eastern part of La
island and then in the napan which is the
large area where the panan is no and
He says that he throws them there, that is
They don't even say that he throws them away
remains eh in the same area in which eh
supposedly was staying and where
supposedly the crime happens something else
This is a photo of the remains, no matter what.
We went around in circles with this photo of
blue swimsuit with the blue backpack too
that we all said carried remains In
That time no. I mean we were there
investigating that photo and supposedly the
photo is taken in the
piman or so they are trying to trick us
say with that leak that the crime
It was committed in the panim and after
They moved everything for what is the
bungalow to do that reconstruction in
that place for that reason that he said it
strange no but that it was in the p
Who has
said how it was in the piman Who
He said that the crime was in the bread and
then it
They move no one That is a theory that
I'm saying based on that photo it is
a photo that there is
Which photo Which photo the photo
This is the one that goes with the swimsuit
blue and the Nike backpack is big eh
Which one do you have on hand I think you like?
I sent it to you on WhatsApp as
photo remains spam or something like a clip
of
Twitter
photos okay I put it eh a
second news leaked by the police
Thai saying that she has leftovers
that is throwing away remains right in
At this moment I don't know how many trips
makes to throw away remains but it seems that this
time with this Nike backpack on your back
with a blue swimsuit and a stripe on the side they say
which is throwing away remains because we believe that
We have found the place where it was made
This photo where the camera was located
security in which this was done
photography let's look at these
Images we have here This is the
first the first one we put if you
You look at the no entry entrance fence
There we have it We also have this
image here here it is
You see, we also have this one which is the
same but so that I can place you on the map
we believe that the place where that was done
photo is the
Piman we believe wait because I have not
seen but by the fence Ah by the
go ahead, post the photo and I'll explain it to you
explained Yes here we did or rather we thought
based on everything we had seen
taking photos everywhere
that had happened to us we tried to get out
Where the photo had been not based on a
that fence and such because the exit of the
hotels supposedly seem like that
fence no and then
Yes raffia let's look at these No yes
You want to leave him voiceless, I'll leave him voiceless. Yes
you want If it is to see the first clear or
If she goes away, she's not the same. Eh, I've already seen her.
I'm not the same, eh, what what what
It's that area in the back of the photo.
where you see eh the part is
Hey, it's like it's laminated in the photo.
not something that is laminated in the background
Well, in a video by Jorge Luke,
Jorge Luke's report looks just like that
area just like the same area and Jorge Luke
there in front of the Man bread where you put the
letters in the background of a report you can see that
hence that it is in the background and and
Well, these are the parts of the
flowers and such and you can see the entrance or
whatever it is there it is in the bread bread is
leaving we think it is
doing or checking in or checking out or that is
It could be I assume that it will be the
day 3 checking out that's my theory
Yes, of course, it has to be on the 3rd.
which was when he checked on day 3
the day when I no longer
I agree, yes. I mean, I had the pyan from the 31st.
on day 1 yes no sorry sorry no
no TR three three day three was staying
Edwin remained Yes but how good that that
photo can be from checking in like you
You say it doesn't have to be from the day of the
dismemberment and other strange thing in
As for the photo that I have here
Thai police say Daniel
Sancho leaves a backpack not in the
Anantara what happens is that they put us
two photos in the same place, that is
They put the photo on us as if it was forgotten
backpack no So it's coming out and that is
coming in and out What happens is that
they put the exact same place therefore
is that Daniel Sancho was entering and
the next photo is entering this is in
based on the fact that some had come out
reports in the Thai press
that he had supposedly forgotten
the backpack in the anantara but what
then he goes to look for her what happens is that
Thai police in the dossier that
Thai police place the case of
Daniel Sancho says that Daniel Sancho
leave your backpack from 7 in the morning
until 9 at night or all day
day Daniel Sancho forgot the
backpack no because I was tired
supposedly what is the supposed
Crime and such and then there it is
don't forget your backpack all that day what
What happens is that the same leaks do not
but what a day, the day 3, the day 3 for the
tomorrow yes Then it hasn't stopped
Well, if you forget until 9 o'clock in the
night Sure but it's when he's stopped
It is from the 3rd to the 4th
early morning but he comes back at 9 for the
backpack
Well no, they don't say that it returns to that
Thai police now in the dossier
He says no but what I want is what I
I mean what I mean by that is
Look at the schedules. I mean.
They do not match one another if you look closely.
the schedules right now we don't know there
nor at what time Because if the 3rd is already
was detained For some people the
Same three already a reconstruction was done
From 3 to 4 in the morning, that is, it is in
reality the time at which he goes to the police station
It's at 12:30 on the 4th but it's from the 3rd to the 4th
That is, so that we can locate ourselves and there it is
people think that it doesn't come out
not from the 4th but whatever
It is the one we said before about the two
that the schedules are not there is that is
the problem that not the two the two is the
alleged crime we have said before the two
or the three I don't know is when it is stopped
the first time he goes to the police station I think
that was two by two by two
Tomorrow or the third, I don't remember.
Let's see, here the question is not no
If you forget, you don't forget your backpack.
I know that the question here is that
The schedules we have are the ones that have
been giving me these leaks
You understand what I want to tell you, bu lo
What the Thai police say and that is what
that will be taken to the prosecutor's office
but when we have tenos we have to
criticize that
When are they going to accuse him to death? But
is that I do not have the report of the
prosecutor you
you have seen many many things
of what but I don't say what
We have seen it, you have the report.
with all the schedules described one by one
If we have one, we study it and
then yes we can doubt But what I
I can't doubt it's about schedules that go
leaving at this time This is that
because I don't have it is what you
I said before until I have the
things we have
really much what they have gone
saying what they have been saying
Officially I don't have a single document
what they have been teaching on TV and
some loose leaflet poorly translated
By the way, the translation doesn't show how it is.
but but we don't have I don't have the
report I have not seen that report with
the entire chronology marked That's why you
I say when we have I don't say no
There are strange things that might not exist
strange things that surely exist
but until we have that report
With all those hours marked we cannot
doubt because there is no need to doubt
right now there is nothing to doubt
because I don't have it I can't say it is
that they haven't told me, I don't know or
Of course, how are you going to know if you don't?
you have When you have that report with
all the schedules then they can
doubts arise No if I see for example
I mean, damn, there was a reconstruction.
the 4th that it says here but we are not going
to have doubts now because he is not there
report I can not have doubts thing that
I don't know what it says but there are many
There are many things that it is about
we can talk about the case that will come out
really can talk can
speaking will come out all the whole report
In the judgment, parts of it will come out and
things like in all cases but it is
that 50 pages have been leaked here
Thai police of all that
supposedly that day happens and more things
that they say in interviews that we saw that
supposedly a footprint in the media
Leaked Thais said
poisoning F leaks with in the
head What is really the cause of the
death for the police said in his
report that was the one from the footprint and for the
prosecutor But these are leaks, I don't
I have the autopsy, that's for starters and
According to the prosecutor, the cause of death is
indeterminate not the report that has said
No, that's what the press said. Well,
He said a stab like with a cam. That
said the press conference f resting agreement
jav in the early morning that was
ruling out the stab wound then they removed it
from the report because there was no knife
then no no there was no torso no
there was no torso nor knife nor torso nor
Well, the knife that was there, let's see, I don't know.
I could check Neither because there is no
torso then Neither knife nor blood
neither but what I want to tell you is
I'm not saying that there aren't things
rare in the case of Dan Sancho the same
There, what I'm saying is that what we have
Right now we have nothing to do
We have leaks and things that are
They keep saying and then there is a
police report how we have nothing There
a police report you have a report
whole police oyster clear you have it
I've seen everything. But how come you haven't seen it?
you have published it until you I have
published what they put on the street of
press what they put in the press conference
press no 40 pages there is of that is not the
police report that's the report
preliminary that
They did that and it was done two days after
of the case the
report the week I don't care Then it will
made the report that was delivered a
week or so That is the report
interesting the research is
live I can think of one thing now and
continue investigating And throughout the
research change and that is why the
report is not delivered within a week
having stopped Daniel Bueno but that he
The prosecutor's report reveals many
things too eh that but you have the
full report leaking But how am I going
have the complete report But that's why
I say they are leaks because that's why we do it
In all cases, debate based on
leaks but there are some
in case the entire report has been released
police report the entire summary of the Hay case
Any case where that happens has a summary
when it is done when you make a case
for example me when you have the
summary of the Marta del Castillo case No
I don't have the summary of Marta's case.
del Castillo But I do have the sentence
with the facts proven Of course they are the
that make you doubt because you have some
proven facts to base yourself on and
doubt them I have a report there
official that is the sentence in which I
some proven facts come and I
determines a series of schedules and a
series of things that I can then
doubt but I already have something official in it
that basing that on me is not an infiltration
It is a sentence and it is public, it has it
everyone and besides Marta del
Castillo has 2 minors and
has the oldest documents
officials you can rely on
to then demolish the story of
facts proven in the case of Asunta
We have the proven facts also in
the
sentence the case has already passed but now
We are debating what to say
months but what I told you at the beginning
we debate based on speculation
Because right now we have nothing
stories of forgiveness forgive me to see
see no evidently I think that the
reports of all cases of which
we spoke and reported to See sentence
When it comes out if we have reports and such
But let's see what we have right now.
So, from memory, press conference is fine.
from the police a report that I understand
that Spanish television in the morning
when you comment on it because some of the
journalists have it what happens is that
I think that is something that cannot be done
put on screen but the press has
dry, the three of us don't have the report
but the Spanish press is supposed to
whether they translate it well or badly later
We'll see, okay. The press doesn't have it.
Spanish report from the prosecutor's office or from the
morning police supposedly yes no
had parts that said that the
T-shirt no, it didn't exist now, okay, eh?
We have the video of the reconstruction of
Daniel who is leaking we have the
We have statements to the press in the
door with some information not Y
we have Daniel who first knows
suspended the first hearing eh Because
the translator asked for something and then a
second sight where Daniel
recognizes the dismemberment if I do not
mistake and concealment then eh that's it
We have now and then it's that you guys
Tell us if we doubt that or if we do not doubt it.
that's because of course then let's see The
Movida is Axel Or be first trium
Jose, you have all the information that has
exited from Thailand either the
police or the media of Thailand
in the Spanish media you like that
information there is something that you doubt or
that you do not directly believe or trust
See, I can't trust research.
police report about why I haven't seen it, that is
I can trust what I know
in what is seen and what is known we are going to
see the only thing we are certain of is
first that Daniel good Daniel and his
defense recognize that it does so without
premeditation but what does it is that it
Even the defense recognizes what is
trying to remove is premeditation not
the fact that the fact that it ends
with the
presumably then I don't have to
why doubt that because neither his defense
doubt at least does not doubt before the judgment
And then he himself admits that
cuts it up and gets rid of it as well
That is more than recognized, worth how
we are going to doubt that he does it if he is
saying that he has done it is worth it And
So Axel, you, based on all the
information that I obviously refer to again
repeat we do not have the papers
what else would it take for me to call Billo?
and pass me the report but eh what
that we have no I mean it's supposed to
We have Daniel who has gone to a hearing
and has recognized this and that and this not
eh what are you denying like just now
Saying Joseph is premeditated and he does it
sells it as a clear accident what it is
has accepted clearly what you think about that
It is a lie or that or that they have forced her to
confess how it would be let's see
Daniel Sancho really obviously does
hasn't done it is in trouble
mind-blowing if you really had one
problem in which they have been able to catch him
Turk's head as we say
Here in Spain it is obviously in a
brutal problem of which if a police
will take you from
that you're not going to get out of there and that you're going to
have very complicated that we have seen it
in other cases in the case of the
Burmese people the same as many people
you know and we have commented many times eh
But as to the question of whether he confessed that
supposedly it
evidently dismembered Yes yes I
I would think that was so If I thought that was so
truth is I would not defend even an inch of a
Daniel Sancho would not have any
objection to give what is the case in
basis to think that he was innocent I believe
that there is obviously a problem
very serious Daniel Sancho of whom no one knows
You can leave, it's already there, I don't know about it.
comes out and now it is
try to have the best possible not one
condemns that it be the best possible for him
in this case no and accept the
dismemberment in reality for
many that Trump knows perfectly well
that the dismemberment in Spain
It is punishable by very little jail time and in
Thailand said the same thing was a year
of prison not what he wants to propose
which there is no premeditation based on
those purchases that you could make for
this and that for the other thing that knives
that are not the same as I tell you
also when they are found
body parts are found in sacks
of fertilizers where Daniel got them
Sanchez Where did Daniel get those bags from?
coal sacks for example that are
find the body parts sacks
They said no more properly that
would have some
people I don't know possibly in others
places on the Island not good and then it
What I mean is that based on what
It is not premeditated supposedly as
is suggesting the defense and that is
accidental are seeking a sentence of 15
years of prison plus that year of
quartering
No
eh I can't say it's a strategy no
but
Hey, what they want to see is that they can
have to that can enjoy
credibility of that version for Daniel
Sancho regarding the alleged
threats alleged coercion by
the alleged victim to the alleged
victimizer eh And then
eh That's also worth it Wait, I've been heard
This is what I wanted to say
Hey wait, I forgot what I was doing there.
saying the subject of the bags
premeditation the premeditation that it
they do a kind of strategy
for the topic of not falling
less years no, that is not clear
Of course what I think is that. Ah, okay, or
whatever you think
It's that they are blaming him, right?
but of course within within that
He's already in that mess because of the
defense what he is doing is worth it
guilty but we want to get him out as soon as possible
before Ah that and the thing about the threats and
also the alleged fight that the
Thai police themselves say there are
a fierce fight in that apartment
fierce fight and they take out like a species
Daniel Sancho's bite and some
blows say there is like a fight
fierce that's what the police say
Thai therefore eh yes there is one
fight if there are supposedly threats
As the Thai police say,
They found it on the phone then there
we are talking
that there would be a motive based on what
they say based on what they say
opened mobile and based on the to the to the
supposed credibility that would have that
Dani's story excuse me let's go to the
fierce fight and Arrieta clean cut
knife that's for him
dismemberment cuts on both eyebrows
in both right eyes damaged by a
punch possibly
cut and fracture of the nose or a
punch in the nose swelling marks
in the left eye and fracture
Daniel Sancho's cranial damage cut in
the ring finger of the right hand cut
abrasion wound on the little finger
in Elo index of the left hand
abrasion wound and hematoma on the
left arm and bite on the hand
Edwin Arrieta's injuries
victim of Daniel Sancho's injuries
aggressor injuries Why Because he has
cut on the ring finger that occurs when
hits on a head and cuts on the
little finger which is given for the same reason
hitting hard surfaces abrasion on the
left index finger because when
you are hitting the and the and the one who to whom
you are hitting if you try to defend yourself
takes your hands and does a no-no
I say, I say, Borjan makes you one.
abrasion abrasion wound hematoma in
the left arm because the one who
you are hitting it grabs and does a
abrasion on the left arm bite
in your hand when they grab you by the head
You can defend yourself with nails and
Daniel Sancho has teeth injuries
the hands that are called injuries of
bador or injuries of the aggressor in the
Daniel Sancho's body injuries
victim in the body of Edwin Arrieta if
Edwin Arrieta would have attacked Daniel
Sancho we should have found
bruises on Daniel Sancho's body
a kick with a punch How is it
found on the face of Edwin Arrieta
that receives at least
punches five has eyebrows the two
swollen eyes, broken nose, nose
I can't tell you more with a slit, that's it.
what they said last in the autopsy
last is a leak the same will be
true Or it will be a lie but what has been
said at the moment injuries of aggression in
Daniel Sancho defensive injuries
in Forgiveness injuries of aggressor in the
Sancho's body defensive injuries in
Arrieta's body These are yes yes
true, really the autopsy is that thing
I don't know why I'm talking about
a
leak I'm not saying it's
presumably I do not want to say that it is
I would fight with another, I don't know if it was with Ewi
but the injuries you have
to have hit and to have hit and the other
The ones you present are from having received
when one has a head like that, one's face
That's because it has been received more clearly
that water is death
eh the skull is not a skull fracture according to
Borja comments or Borja comments to me in
a video that I'm going to publish this week
this week these days if Daniel
Sancho as
sorry if Edwin Arrieta likes it
Daniel Sancho falls and fortuitously
hits his head on the sink
hardness that a skull has falling from
the same plane to split the skull
you have to split the sink. That is, no
you fall into a mess with the sink and break your
skull and the sink do not split it
impossible he says according to what Borja tells me
that the bone at the back of the head is
the hardest bones in the world
body because by nature or by How
it is said
By evolution, human beings tend to
fall then If we all break
the head when we hit ourselves
behind the head because we have
fallen many people would die then
unless you are a very old person
that you have osteoporosis like that
It's called bones and such for falling
and hitting yourself doesn't split your skull
you can have a shock but leave
He attributes the skull to blows
continued against the ground or against
another surface not against the sink
because it should have been broken
the sink is told to us, eh Borja, I am
in this neophyte Eh
So I don't know. This is what it is, huh?
I can tell you more about the injuries of one and
the injuries of the other defensive one and the
another of the aggressor if these are eh I return to
repeat that I always tell you the same thing
What I said at the beginning, they are all
leaks I don't have a report of
autopsy of course what happens is that the
same Thai police is
recognizing that there was a fierce yes
Of course, we don't know if
When they say fierce fight
They refer to the fact that they fought or that he
Samanta hit a stick that was fierce
Therefore if there was a fight,
premeditation basically falls apart
falls a lot is that the premeditation is very
strange or premeditates a crime in this
in that bung you have a fight is
your alleged victimizer is talking and wants
have relations with you or even
Now from what we have seen in the
press
recognizes there is an assumption of him in the
which says that there is an alleged attempt to
sexual assault by her
alleged victim not that it will be another one
things to propose on the part of
The defense also calls me
attention that no lawyer wants to
defend Daniel Snchez in Thailand
not the defenses we have seen so far
now it's an apparent defense eh
obviously
I don't think anyone would agree with that.
what has happened regarding the lawyers
Dani is healthy and now they say they want to go
to testify against his client
who was his client Kan well has not said
who wants to go, they have summoned him
summoned may refuse to testify
against his client and also now
They don't say they throw grit out and they say
that he no longer wanted to defend Daniel
Sancho because if the Thai police
He says he is guilty and with premeditation
that he is not going to defend him. So the
defense of lawyers in Thailand
Daniel Sancho is an apparent defense O
whether there is no defense or it is this boy
You cannot defend yourself if you were innocent
This really catches my attention and
I hope nothing ever happens to me in a country like
This is because you cannot have defense
possible That is, there is no possible defense.
Daniel's destiny was written
day that he stepped into that police station on the 3rd
August 4th at 12:30
of the night the day he stepped on that
police station Daniel's fate was
It was written on the day he decided
allegedly haar with the life of more
that when he stepped into the police station then
Axel, let's see the belief, not to go
reaching a point your belief is
that the reports are lies they have
written to incriminate Daniel Daniel or
Well within that view he has not confessed
what we have heard in the press that has
confessed but rather he has been forced to
confess or it is a lie they have given a
information to the press that is a lie AND
So why does he kill, or rather, who kills?
Edwin there is a Thai who kills
Edwin and Daniel are caught and they blame him.
It is not that here the base for eh
to present the whole case is the
dismemberment because to dismember
a person does not do it just anyone. That is
evident or is a crime with
dismemberment is a crime, eh?
few manage to do that task
There is a very low percentage of
crimes with dismemberment but
They do and very young people. Ah there you have it.
Patri Nogueira, 19 years old and four
but it has nothing to do with the case of
Patrick Nogueira with the case of Dan Quio
To say that it is done I mean that no no
I'm talking about descent which
It would be what I want to know Axel is
What would be your theory? Of course.
Daniel and Ewin knew each other and we have
photos and relationship of them more than
tested outside of Thailand and prior to
Thailand that is proven because
This is what is giving you What was the
Daniel Sancho's relationship and there are photos of
They are in Puerto Banu and there is a relationship
that her friends from Madrid know her, eh?
friends of
Spain social that is not the media
Thais, that's already several sources
different ones that have nothing to do with one another
with the other then that they had something
among them that they had a relationship already
whether loving or friendly I had it then
What is true is that this man is
dead So if this man is
dead and Daniel is innocent that he was the
that I had agreed with him what is your
theory that this man has been killed
for another reason and taking advantage of the fact that
Daniel was there they blamed him there
many theories really, but which one?
It's yours, that is, I don't have a theory like
so obviously the easy thing is to say that
It was Daniel because that's what they are telling us.
presenting no That is
the easiest way to comment or
I am on a path that is very
complicated really I give a theory and
The next day a piece of information comes out and I have to change it.
from theory quickly to another what is
what you think what I have come to
to think that Daniel Sancho
eh I don't know if I should say this theory yes
think about it
eh, I've come to think that
presumably if it could have ended with
he but that happens in a place not
They want it to be known what happened there and
then they do everything that is the bet
That is a theory that I have.
a hypothesis like any other But
there are many there are many others
I have theorized that they have told us about mafias
that in those countries there are many mafias
etc. the issue that supposedly in
That island is controlled by about seven people
families if you want to start a business
There you will have problems on the island of
There are many crimes next door without
resolution we have theorized
many but really saying one is
impossible, I think only he knows that
Daniel, if anything happened, something happened.
that is not what they are telling and the
Daniel himself said it, one day it will be known
the truth will one day be known the truth
Why did Daniel Sancho say that? Why
Daniel's first statements
Sancho is the anantara thing, I am
Here surrounded by 20 police officers and tomorrow already
I'm in a jail no and And he also said
the theme of anantara anantara did not say
anantara and as several times no
I don't even remember now what the whole thing was like
the conversation but there was a part
that caught my attention a lot
no, the thing about Eh yes he is behaving very well
with me it doesn't seem like a tone
ironic that he said not in some
Sometimes later we also see it as
saying that he wants to shower in the
same crime scene where
supposedly everything happened there is no How
some hooks that make you
rethink things like, "surely"
saying here some
thing is worth it
claw did not force him to incriminate himself
He always declared himself innocent, that is, and
you kill and he keeps telling you that he is
innocent I mean why
They force Daniel to death and the other one doesn't.
the other always pleaded innocent and
He always said I haven't done it and even
today that they have already granted him permission
real and I even think it will come soon
for Spain never said I am guilty or
It is so bad the same thing that nobody wanted
There was no lawyer to defend him
but it was never, ever declared
guilty or not, good Daniel Sancho
yes it does I mean that you are me
saying that Daniel Sancho declares himself
guilty because the police
Thai one of the theories not that it
could force him to coerce him
another does not coerce the other never
pleaded guilty always pleaded good
that we know no no that we know no
That is what there is, it was always declared.
innocent that's why he got the sentence
capital that was later forgiven, I think
It was Me neither but he declared himself
always innocent never changed his his his
statement And then the topic of the topic
that Daniel Sancho Cometa the
crime elsewhere I don't know since the
At the beginning I don't know if you remember it.
the first video I made I think they give
Sanchez if not the first second I did it
with Denis with the psychologist you
Do you remember that we brought it one day?
I did with and we always talk about a
Crimes of Passion which are the most common
that is to say,
that you told me you talked to me about the mafia
and it is true in Thailand there is mafia in the
topic of companies you are going to set up
company and the mafia there is a mafia that does not
leaves you And such But as far as I know Daniel
Sancho and Areta were tourists, they were not going to
set up a fast food business niban
to set up a motorcycle business were going to do
tourism to spend the moon party and
whatever it was but as far as I know they weren't going to
setting up any business is more for
even for Thailand the issue of tourists
that this kind of things happen does not
It is convenient because they live from tourism and not
more that area Then they were
tourists we cannot talk about the F
Thailand in the business issue and that
were going to set up a shop because they didn't
They were going to set up anything that I know of, they weren't going to
set up any business in Thailand no
So well, a friend of mine did that.
by Edun Arrieta who supposedly does
friends have said many things and have
They have talked and talked about traffic and such.
In Thailand and on the island that is what
says on August 8th when the interview
says that too I've never heard of it myself
No friend has told me that it was
ride from c pangang eh Ni in Thailand m
I have personally spoken with many eh or
that I was going to look at machines or something no No
said something else
The 80,000 were for what they were
8,000 no one talks about it was said in a
beginning and Lu were not carried did not carry
nothing 00 no that the other one stayed no By
Why did he say they were his? They weren't.
Dewin, that is, what Daniel says is not
we believe what an accused says
supposedly there in the in the
reconstruction there were bats or there were
600 bats I think they say or something like that.
They talk about 100,000 which was what was listed
We are talking about infiltrations again.
It was said that of the 8000 it was a fusion and
It has been said for many months now
we can continue to turn around the
80,000 I don't know when they are
I will see official documents.
I say that we have to go around it, not because
in the end if there were supposedly 8,000 and
and the Arrieta family does not like it
strange that one said it was to buy
surgical material Then we have to
talk about family The family The family
Rieta's family when they say the
8,000 hours ago they found out that
his brother has been killed and they have
dismembered him, he says, hey, they have
found 80,000 that belong to your brother
And the other one, well, what does it say? Well, yes, well, what does it say?
would take to buy machinery or what
that is not exaggerated because not because the
brother handled money but doesn't want to
say that you go with 0.000 I to what
I'm going to say that when there is a document in
the one who puts up the money we have
then we can doubt for the moment not so
There is because they denied those of the
80,000 we can keep going around in circles
We can continue but it was denied
whether they are or are not there, I imagine that
There will be some document that says it
but don't have what they say what they say are
20,000 BS that are in the reconstruction
They say 20.00 BS that there is eh in fact I
I was wrong, I was wrong and I admitted it in
other direct ones that I said were 00 but
no. That's what they say.
They are BS BS that would actually be bats O
be that but what is said the
reconstruction 600 600 Yes but the wheel
The press denies the 80,000 and
He says that there were 10,000 1000 that he spent
in that it happened on the press road
then something else happened first 80,000
then 200,000 then 10,000 and now
first they say 80,000 first they say
They say 80,000 at the press conference
denies and then when it is leaked
reconstruction that predates the
press conference they bring up the topic again
money but they had already denied it to you
at the press conference in the order
chronological in the press conference already
also denied what was said in that
reconstruction but we are going for the same thing
we don't have official documents you
you can do it in the 80s in the 30s in the
40 we can say that there were 200,000 not so
We know that money has to be there
recorded somewhere when it is done
when a survey is made and
does a visual inspection and so on
writes everything down and is supposed to
being registered is assumed not to and has
that there be a report in which it appears
logically we can say that I do not
I don't believe anything that is in that
report I do not question everything
Daniel entered the police station and was given
They forced him to give it a beating with a stick
confess then Well then No
we can say nothing because if not we
we believe nothing of what there is no we cannot
do nothing It's that you you understand The
Starting point That is, I can leave
from a report And from there doubt
But if I don't have it and we also doubt
anything goes, that's it then. No
we can say nothing if I tell you
Hey, let's see, it doesn't say anything about the
80,000 let's wait for it not to be that
It's not that he said that they said that we're going to
see Okay then, let's see. That's it.
nothing can be done because I don't have
no official report in which I
have a relationship right now of what
He gathered in that room when
there is a list of what was collected
in that room that has to
be and the defense will see it when
what a trial because you will see it will be possible
doubt but you have to
see her
what I think
Come on, Javi. Tell us. Tell us something. No. No.
It's clear that let's see what I say that in
the chat that they just put up just
put member mode because there were people
which had changed a bit then
To calm them down we have put the
member mode for a while now we will come back
to open Hey listen to me that I am that
When I debate, I am like that, eh, that's how I am
very true that it is
The debate is interesting to me
liking it and it is there but there is no we are not there
fighting or buo in the chat there are people from
both positions what happens is that there are
four or five that are there as if not
They know how to debate then so that they learn
a little Ah end follows us a lot
people that we are having a lot of
people at the trion ars live shows have
more than 1000 people when talking about
Daniel 2000 I have more every day
out of 1000 in the live shows a lot of people
that is starting to follow us
is beginning to know and evidently
I think that both me and Triun
It gives me that vertigo of going with a
extreme version Eh no and no man no
I believe you, no, I don't get vertigo
Uncle What happens is that there are people who
He takes it personally, it's that I don't
I'm taking this to the
Personally, you understand what I mean.
I mean then it can't happen to me
give vertigo I have my opinion You
You have yours, what vertigo does it give you?
You have your opinion and I have mine and no
there is more I mean but it's that today today for
example I was watching a video of
Borja Caponi who was like the trainer
of dogs this and it was based on that is to say the
opinions that he was saying in the
video was based on what I said in
my videos or so and so many people and
will become Trium too, that is a
complete madness And that's why I said that
vertigo does not give as much respect as
so many people follow us based on what
Let's think that a leak comes out
video eh the lawyer talking about
this and that people want to see our
opinion and see what we think for them eh
to have the same opinion as us, that is something
which obviously gives me a
brutal respect and I tell you that people
that no no no no that's why that's why
people who do not have to have an opinion like
as I think nor as Trium thinks that
have your opinion you know So that is that
people can think whatever they want
people watch my videos And instead of 80
If you think it's a 101 Daniel Daniel
Sancho is innocent, so let them think about it or
okay okay okay let's see, I'll leave it to you.
only I don't but wait I'm going to say
One thing I only see badly
What I do say is that to defend a
position you have to insult for example
to the opposing family and I speak of the
two cases, both the one defended by
example the position that Daniel Sancho
is innocent insults the sister of
Edwin to Edwin's family they call it no
I know what I don't know how much and those who defend
that Edwin is guilty that Daniel Sancho
He is innocent Or rather the opposite Sorry
that Daniel Sancho is guilty
They insult Daniel Sancho's family
I think that is unnecessary and unnecessary in
all the chats and there is more in all of them
forums and in all debates there is no need
insult neither Edwin's family nor the
Edwin himself if you are in favor of Daniel
Sancho nor to Daniel Sancho or the family
by Daniel Sancho if you are in favor of
Edwin is that you should not miss the
respect for the family
but let them actually leave my videos on
my videos on my channel you will not have me
seen me talk about the family of
Daniel Sancho, some specific information on the subject
lawyer Hey, they fired a
lawyer such but I never make reference to
the families this that because not the
family has absolutely nothing to
see the other Yesterday I was on the Canal de
Of course, but we have to talk, we have to talk.
from Darlin because Darlin is the one who calls
To Daniel Sancho that is what we
we have to part case but
listen Yes but I have heard
expressions you can speak Claro equally
that can be spoken of
family I talk about
insult jump respect I am not
talking about talking about talking about things
specific ones in which they have intervened
logically it is the one that
call and
logically Rodolfo a wheel of
press came out and spoke to the reporters
But that is one thing and taking is another.
insult and disrespect both a
family as the other to defend your
posture or for example insulting you
for defending me or insulting me
to defend you, that is, that is
absurd that's what should not be done
consent or what I think is what
that pu and in fact on my channel they are
The moderators can tell you, I don't know.
They admit insults, one thing is criticism
I can criticize or I can criticize the
posture of a person and another thing are
insults no that's not true
ought
ya jav Sorry son A
Look, you've kissed enough.
to throw
Let's see, we have you, you like you, you like
You are cool
There you are, what are you thinking? Let me see what you think.
I'll say it in another video right now.
Javi you are enjoying
Of course you are enjoying watching the
chat that I see you I'm going to open the chat
Okay, I'm going to open the chat again.
Go get some water and I'll be back in a minute.
come on okay come on V I'm going to open this
enjoyer is enjoyer no is not is
very well it's very well let's see but I am
so eh, so whoever thinks is me
I'm pissed off, I'm like that, I'm very
effusive, that is, and when I speak or debate
I debate like this. There will be people who like it and
people who don't like it but who don't like it
I make a bato trium or I end up in the
judged so it's good that you know what
What happens is that we are Andalusians and
we have our way like this
very expressive very good at talking to people
hands of
well eh Let's see this way Well I have
open chat okay n Thanks who knows
whoever wants to become a member, becomes a member
but I have opened the chat for everyone
The world is worth whoever wants to be a member
because I want to collaborate with Channel O
send a super chat that appears in
screen but above all what it is
free is worth subscribing to all three
channels and give it a like now whoever wants
I thank you from the bottom of my heart for your collaboration and
we put it on screen as it just did
swimming or like any of the Super chat
that have appeared thing the debates are
so one speaks the other speaks
interrupt if it is not a debate if it is not
I'll keep quiet, I'll let you talk about everything you want.
If you want, you shut up and we'll have a debate.
like politicians the first truth
also something other than something other than me
I have in my head all the time
debate now that you are talking about the
The police station issue is about the Peruvian, no O
They tell him that there is a Peruvian at the
family eh at the police station I mean the police
He tells him that there is a Peruvian and tells him
They communicate to the family that it is not the
What they say in the interviews was
a Peruvian, eh, and in some leaks
o In some media it was said that the
Peruvian had the same name as Edun
Arrieta no Or so it says in one of the
eh reports No if I'm not mistaken or
something strange Not what really happened with
that Peruvian but ig Peruvian then he was a
Peruvian but realize one thing date
Tell me one thing: Edwin is Latino.
we are talking about Thailand or the same
that a Thai person would like us
looks just like an Indonesian and is not
topic of re you see a Thai a
Indonesian eh And people like that from that area of
from Asian and for you they are from the same
On one side they see a Colombian, a Peruvian
an Argentinian and or even a Spaniard and
more or less So there would be a Peruvian
Well, there was also a Peruvian who would have
the police station and they mistook me for him
That doesn't seem right to me either. Let's see, it's a
a coincidence. So they are just
looking for Ed no no it doesn't happen to me it happens to me every
time I meet bras foot in the
airport to
See here what we have is worth as a source
According to official data, several things are valid.
Yeah, I can think of the press conferences.
bok interventions eh we have a couple
of autopsies no trium has entered into
some details of some we have
both police reports and that of the
prosecutor are reports that are supposed to be in
some have been leaked to the press
We have security cameras, eh? As if
out of the island big brother we have
some witnesses such as those of
the stores, the ones with I don't know what, the ones with the
hotels waiters not even then
I'll ask one of you two.
here to the two of them
apart from the television media
From Thailand and others, of course, each one
of you two
Do you believe any of these elements and others?
No
no, I don't know
If I don't believe any of them, you don't believe them.
none, that is, I can't believe it or
I doubt, that is, I neither believe nor doubt, that is, I
When they tell me Win's autopsy it is
This is good, it's a leak with this
I think this if it is not that then I can't
think everything because what I have is that
so what is me what is the only one? I mean
What is the detail that gives me
that Daniel does not allegedly do it
confession that confesses it never denies it
at first he never actually
pleads not guilty if he pleads
declares for example is that
not the
first but for example day when
declares himself innocent and leaves the media
locals saying I'll talk to you when
confess I speak to you when confess when
He confesses until the 5th that he says that
confesses Exactly So how did he do it
reconstruction the four we go to the same
You see how the schedule doesn't match but it is
What I tell you Here is a video in
Thailand on the 4th but if you tell me that
don't blame her until the c c does the
reconstruction of the cu V how they square that
That's what I want to tell you, that's what
I want to make you understand that the
schedules don't fit that's what they have given us
said so far eh We are not going to
back to that, well, let's go, let's go.
that we go I base myself on the statement
of him who gives it but I repeat it again
We also know that because one
plead guilty does not have to be
guilty in fact here in Spain is not
obici plead guilty so that later
you are found guilty in a trial no but
We have your statement, we have some of
the things that the defense has not later
rebutted because the defense does not refute that
the defense has not done what
wants to remove is meditation Okay
then what has he done for me yes for
me why because we have that data
basic defense would always have
fought for innocence if it is from the first
time says it is
innocent is what is usually done and
He never fought to recognize innocence
the fact of the clear dismemberment is
acknowledges dismemberment by
What you said is a year and a half I think
Thailand here in Spain is also a
a year and a bit that the law was also changed to
root of the case of Marta Calvo because
I don't know if I remember the one they were was the one
mother who collected the signatures and such
because in the past it was not punishable or
here in Spain it was not punishable
get rid of a body and also the
topic of the documents that was something
another crime that Daniel was charged with
Sancho says that documents did not appear
He rejected it no. Although really in the
eh reconstruction of what is the
crime that I tell you that appears there
in the Thai media supposedly
He goes to some dumps eh in H ring eh
that are on the road not according to me
I understand, that is, some or some. How do you say it?
trash cans yes they are trash cans and I have
I understand what the images I saw are
some containers on the side of the road
Yes yes that's why they say it's the hring that
It's the beach of the full moon, right?
Daniel Sancho tells them that he is going there
throw there the I don't know the passport would be the
Edwin's passport but the passport
It comes out later in the media
Thais at the beginning what is the
passport is sent by the family
His passport does not appear, a photo appears
from the passport, that is, that does not come out
full passport the passport Yes but
It's a photo, it's not the passport of that is
yours is
missing not what for a But
who gives or who gives that photo
They have for the scanner what it is the
entry to Thailand I have no idea
photo of
That makes it easier I don't know I imagine I imagine
eh And this is that the family does have one
photocopy of the passport when given
anything is sent not the same as if
They tell you to send us a photocopy of your ID.
or send us if what they had was the
photocopy of passport also sends
photocopy that I don't know what these are
speculations eh I have no idea
where I For example if I know that S that no
I don't know either. For example, I know where
the photo that is leaked comes out, the one that
Say it's not in Kangan, it's in Samui.
It seems to me I don't know where that comes from
I also know who leaks the photo, for example.
the photos of Puerto Banu And why the
filter I mean I know all that but the
I leave the passport issue and where it comes from
where the photo of Samui comes from
a very good friend of Edwin's who
leaks, that is, to the police
Thai sends it to you no no to the
police I don't think Fil to the press I think
which is to the press to the press
Thai Thai [ __ ] the press
Spanish no to the Spanish press I believe I believe
that it is to the press that it is leaked
friend What I don't know Sia the press
Spanish but filter it filters it one
friend I know where
They appear in the police report. Yes
but I know who had it I know who
I had that photo, of course, but that was the weird thing.
photo that is the Thai police
says that Edw Rita arrives at Cang Gang
supposedly destination from very thing No
because if they leak that photo, people will
He said he was Cang Gang and such. And we
We said okay but where is that photo in
Copan Gang we didn't get involved we all saw
the docks and there we found out that it was in
very clear thing And that was something that we
missed us does not upset us that no
there would be no photos and no videos
dearrieta at the entrance to Copan Gang no
They say that there is something like it goes to the
shop next to the motorcycle shop
dots which is the cafeteria and there the only thing
What's there is a photo of some flip-flops
Where is Daniel Sancho Arrieta in that
In those videos there are photos of Tum Arrieta
at the entrance of Copan Gang is strange
anyway anyway eh let's go
Sorry, forgive me, let's watch that video.
Let's watch that video, that Axel clip.
Okay, let's discuss it.
Ah, okay, that same day, the 31st, it is known that
At 1:39 Daniel rents a motorcycle but
If we go to the police dossier
Thai case we have that Sancho
arrives at the ferry at 5:29 how can it be
that Daniel Sancho is renting a
motorcycle at 1:39 when it is arriving at the
island at 5:29 according to police
Thai is schedules that we will see in
This chronology that does not fit into
absolutely this day we imagine that
Sancho flew from Bangkok to Kosamui
where he is now imprisoned and
From there he took a ferry to Cangan
Edgun Arrieta we know that he performs the
Book at the Piman Resort Cangan hotel
from August 31st to 3rd but Arrieta does not
arrives in Cangan until August 2nd if
we go back to the chronology if
It has been there since July 17th, supposedly
In Thailand, on the same day, the 31st, it is known
Of course it's not that one, it's the one on the motorcycle.
that the 1 o'clock schedule doesn't match
at
5 Of course you wanted to put it was the one
from the dock, that is, the one in the photo of something
very I have it I think I have the photo
I'm looking for it, I think I have it, but you have that one.
I don't have it, I have it
I also have, I think I have the photo
I think so too
I have a valid reason for what is the map that
is here behind And such And what they are
These chairs that were good, these benches
that were equal to an area that we had
commented on that video and we have here the
Exact Site This is the Exact Site
where the photo was taken if you see here
the benches, eh, we were pretty good
located what happens is that it was from the other
people told me it's not the same
site I said yes that's what happens is
that we couldn't find like the photo
from this side so that it could be seen eh
really what was this place here
You can see the exact map that was used to make it
the photo supposedly Edun Arrieta here
in co samui That photo is in cosamo and no
in Cang Gang as we had been told until
the moment and of course but the thing is that
that photo supposedly in the wheel
The press says they have identified Edgun
Arrieta with that photo is therefore a
quite important photo for what it is
the investigation of the Bueno case but it is
from the same day but from the same day
very much that it is in cop to say it is the same day
took the ferry for something very I don't know
how it goes I can't tell you the strokes
that the ferry does or if you take it from a
side or take it from
another we spoke with the witness I don't know if
Did you hear that we talked about with a person?
who said he had seen Ed
Arrieta who had gone from Don Saac to
copan Gang no I mean if what is true
He says he's a boy, right?
block of that boy on the ticket that he is
presents I think that the landing does not
I remember the time is exactly 4 p and
By that time Edwin was already in, so no
It doesn't fit, no, I don't think that's what I mean.
opinion eh I think that boy is
confused person who spends a lot
It could also be Eh, it could be that
have confused No but what it presents
really this guy who is the same day
eh at practically the same time
then there were many coincidences not by
That's it, but well, what doesn't add up
I want to tell you but I have one thing in mind
which does not fit with what the
Thai police, of course, it doesn't add up
with the schedules Well and with the
schedules we do not know who arrives first at the
island anyway there is one thing very
clear the ticket wait a second don't you
I mean what he says but you
I mean the Win ticket has
that is, when Edwin gets on
and it goes down and arrives and it doesn't arrive, that's it
It has to be in the registry, that's what it is
I want to tell you that they can deceive us in
many things but the records have
And the defense will see that
I explain myself or I don't explain myself defense is going to
know exactly when Edwin arrives
when he doesn't arrive when he takes the plane
because the bills are in that record
It is then that right now it is not
We know that does not mean that it does not exist.
It has to be there and the defense will do it
Let's see what I put in the trial, it could be
that he was completely wrong
When did you see Ed Arrieta in the
moment of departure when you are going to go towards
Copn Gang when you go to take the
ferry eh you meet him
Indeed, when am I going to take it?
ferry no Eh I went on the ferry or rather It was
one was a one a view like that from when
you're going to enter you're going to leave it accumulates
a lot of people and you are standing with your
backpack and notes
you observe people or who are observing you
or what or what are they looking at I don't know what called me
quite a lot of attention on the Maybe
that he looked at me was such a quick look
that that that he hit me Maybe and that
I gave it to him but it was nothing, a matter of
look at it and look somewhere else look at it
with his glasses on me
I agree, I wore glasses
puts Of course but to you in your
interview I don't know if it had been Samira
It could be one of Edwin's friends.
Samira records him from the Fer
send a recording from the Fer
says 8 in the morning or something like that
I think it tells you that the schedules of
from samira because chira talks to him
8 in the morning but when it is in
bango that is 8 in the morning there and
8 here I think I want to remember okay no
I can put you on your feet because it's been a while
lots of months but I don't remember
exactly the time if you want it
I ask and I tell you these days No
I know the time at which the video is sent
from the ferry but yes They say at 9
In the morning he makes a video call
being on the ferry recording and then
When you look you see that there are many
tourists who are not Thai do not
She calls his attention and says, "Holy crap" and
the beach video the video of the
beach that one of the friends says
Edw at the beginning of the case is known says
something like edw arita sent me a
video from the beach no me is that deir
because I have no conscience about that, don't you
Do you remember that? I don't remember. No, no.
They told me not to. Oh, okay.
Okay, it comes out on television, I tell you.
I say that they didn't tell me that with me
the ones I've talked about the only video that
I am aware that
Okay, look, at the beginning of the case
actually the chronology of events
was that Daniel Sancho eh Picks up Ed
Rieta is supposedly going to Dodge or
a nearby restaurant eat after
They are going to take a trip around the island
They say they're going to Harring even
we thought it could be that
supposedly ugly chronology in
based on the messages from Daniel Sancho
They indicate that he was also in hring that
The last time I saw Edw Aries in H
ring eh the subject of this message of the
hallucinogens that also eh
supposedly it was leaked
family of reta or the circle that also
It would supposedly take place in H ring, eh?
Also a witness who says he sees the
two on the same day, August 2nd, at H ring
therefore they are like many
coincidences that they supposedly
They made that journey instead of going
up go down and scroll
until reaching the beach that was H
R the problem is also that
We have the images that have loved us
There are 25 points according to what they say.
cameras that capture Daniel Sancho
throughout the
time F by strange not that of the No wait
I think it was Fran Cuesta Fran Cuesta
I think he was the one who said that when
Here they leaked the images, you are them
seeing with poor quality what they
They want you to see but they have much more
much more images much better
quality is what Franco said, it exploded no
I know because I don't live in Thailand.
then all these things what you
I mean all these things of
the ones you are now doubting that still
we have not seen, they are going to see each other and they are going to
see why you have to present them
because logically if there is a trial,
defense will have access to that evidence
and is
It means you say about the remains and
maybe that's why you can't see anything there or
be a
Falir has already finished the chronology
put put a documentary Yes what happens
which is a whole one-hour documentary
That's why now with all the
information that is clear but the same as
We are making a chronology that is not
We know if it adapts to reality or to the
reality yet because we can't
know it or rather we do not have the
sea chronology but based on all the
leaks we make an example of them
cameras the cameras are bad
the cameras are bad
Claro schedules based on those of the
schedules, of course, there is no lack of expertise
those cameras take them out No why there was
These times Carmen Balfagon said that
had even asked for
there was when there is time difference, let's go
I'll tell you, for example, about a very specific case.
famous here in Spain, well the Mon case
case cones Juan was the criminalist
who brought the topic to the good mountain
juanin Juan jin the criminalist who made
the report Juan Jin the son I think it was
And now I'm really talking about memory.
Forgive me if I'm confused, not the son, the
cousin I think the son told me that
is in charge of blowing the whistle for the cameras, that is,
take the cameras and square the offsets
that is, when there is an investigation in the
that there are video surveillance cameras
There are usually gaps in almost all cases
all video cameras and has to
have an expert appraisal of those cameras
They collect and there is an expert who takes care of it
to square that gap Then we are
looking at the cameras at the cannon we do not have
That expert report has to be done that way
expert appraisal and you have to figure Hey then
the camera has such a delay of so much
and really when he scores so much it is so much
You understand me, that expertise exists for
less here in Spain
does
has since c rented the motorcycle to which it enters
They sing because it doesn't make sense and many
They ask, And why are they out of phase?
cameras the cameras can be out of phase
for many things, for large electricity bills, for
anything or whatever because they are they are
autonomous I mean they are within
a building not then that's why the
cameras that you say from the entrance to
cangan could be clear can be
then there can be phases of all
the cameras then that's why there is a
expert in charge who is in charge of that
specifically that it is to take all the
cameras check them and join them in
important investigations the lights
of the sun no no you open the cameras to
Finally they go to the site, look at the time and look
the camera time is 3:00
It's 4 o'clock here, do you understand me if it's happened?
little time has passed if a separate one has passed, let's see
there must be a line of succession of
the facts if you see a lady a
shopping cart passing from one
camera to another Although in a camera to the
another there is two hours difference you say
no no here it is this is the
moment there is also something else that
It draws my attention as to what
which is the alleged premeditation of
Daniel Sancho's crime is that he had
the ticket for August 23rd That is
from July 31st to 23rd
August Daniel Sancho was going to be in
Thailand and that I was going to be there for more days
what trium says that from three to cco
because it is freely roaming around
wide throughout the island and therefore making
what he would like no because he says no
I eat it like it doesn't retain it no Then I
I also wonder when Ed was
Arrieta la
exit I don't know I know that the hotel
I think I had it until the third day.
three or TR or four, I guess
around there would be three or four. No
I know I don't know I don't have the ticket
Win Reta has to be somewhere
logically that reservation but I think that the
get out of Edwin it was three or four
I think I remember, eh? Of course, but Edwin is going to go.
for a night in a hotel, that is, rent the
Piman from the 31st to the 3rd, I was going on the second day, that is
I was going to be on Edw Island for a few hours.
Arrieta went to the island for a few hours, I
It is supposed to be to spend the holiday of the
moon with Daniel that's what we
They said clearly it's good that's what
they said but
really that the party was going to happen
the moon with him Of course but it is that neither
I didn't even have a hotel on the day of the party
is that on the day of the party not even
had the hotel
Edwin was not for a week the reserve
I wasn't going for two or three days, it wasn't a
week what was reserved was going to be
one day not even
I was going Sorry anyway for the reservations
They can be lengthened if you go for it
that it is and it has not squared with you because you have
lost the ticket because
final but in a five-star hotel
stars I presume for another will be
much more complicated
eh prolong
noo availability depends on the
availability if it is taken or not I have
traveled a lot and when they have emerged the
stay normally said look that I
I have to stay two more nights and I'll let you know.
They drag it out, they usually drag it out for me, man.
I have heard from somewhere that
no because I hadn't already reserved it and
But if I told you no, it's no, but
They can tell you yes. I mean, but if it goes
the
moon is that what it is the night of the moon
The three is full and the pamal has it
until that day therefore the night of
the full moon had nowhere to stay
Arrieta
no departure on day 3 departure on day 3
departure on the cu departure on day 3 is departure Well
I don't know, I'll tell you the only thing
quear yes Well but he had his days
I had them, that is, in fact the ticket or
the trip is purchased from Chile
buy aangan's trip buy it
long before that hotel reservation
it has been done long before the purchase of some
shops that are somewhat similar here to
what is the English cut here then
They are a similar thing that has
vacation packages and everything clear
Viviana also says that Ed
Arrieta wants to go to that place more often than not.
Isla doesn't want to go like most times to era
The first time I went to Thailand
I wanted to go that time I wanted to go for the
next month and wanted to go for it
next no and there is other information
from the other friend that I told you says
that supposedly wanted or thought about
to do some kind of business to have
some kind of restaurant there or that
I had no idea of a queen according to what
They have told us they know the island. I don't know.
because I didn't know her, I hadn't been there
never in Thailand but yes for example
His idea was to set up something in Spain
That's what I had, and in fact it is known
or it is assumed that an investment was made
There are different doubts and such in that
He could even invest in that clo but
now that you mention it in the reservation
from the P So you say that the reservation makes
on a web page, not a page
web that does not buy it the the
vacation ticket not from El Corte Ingls
They are not some stores that I don't remember
the name yes similar yes no but what
I tell you that in the report of the
police or what they show of the
date the rental is made
supposedly that's the one from that hotel
27 or so it is done
of
July August cannot be forgiveness of
June or July, I'm not mistaken
Of course, on July 27th, so it's
three days after it was done Yes it was
like suddenly That's clear Yes that's clear
spoke in his
day he buys it that he buys it like that
anyway he's not going to Thailand he's going
first to Formentera, that is, it is in
Spain and then there are the photos that you
You took the photo we took the other day
Yes, but they are from that day, so you
confirm that they are and 29 I said I don't
I agree right now but I think I said
he
29 I said the 29th or the 30th I don't remember
the day I said I tell you sincerely
But the day I said yes, the day I gave
It is confirmed and Daniel Sancho was
in Formentera
eh No true I wasn't alone The
three friends also is that no but no no
It is known that I say before before
Wow, I don't know anymore, I don't know that anymore.
life Sancho clear and the photo that you
you place the ship supposedly with the
29 I don't know if I said the 29th or 30th the day
What I told you is what I don't know, I have it
in the video that I don't remember
I mean the one that you place one
which is from Arrieta in that
little boat and then it seems to me eh Me
It seems Ah well the one that I put the one that
There's Daniel, no, I just put that one
so you could see that they were the same
guys I don't know what day it is that is in
Google Ah okay okay So I'll put that one
so that you may see that those who are in the
photo with Daniel are in that same photo
that one of them is in that same photo
So they were friends of Daniel but not
You mean that it is the same or that it is the
I say it and explain it well in the video
I say I simply say Not here that you
I put the reference so you can see what
such but I Edwin's photos are
Only Edwin with those three boys in
the boat in Formentera that is on the 29th
I think I thought I saw that
placed like the photo of Arrieta
supposedly with The Boys in that boat
and then I placed another one that was from
Daniel san like the other so you can see
that the friend is the same one who is in the
boat with Edwin and I explain it in the video
I say look They are friends of Daniel because
This day that Daniel was there I don't know
what day was it eh is with the with the
same ones that appear in the photo that
She's with the same guy, this guy is
the same one that appears but they are but they are the
same one of them yes the others no
They are there in that photo but one of them
Yes, he is with him, he is the one with the chain
and
such good coming to a
period and
finishing what time is 12:30 12:30 is
good 25
Axel after this talk that we have
It was good that you had this debate
You have had a trium and you continue
keeping the 80 20 buah then after
from this talk 90 per. has risen or so
now it's a 9010 Yeah what's that you
made that move
cco
Well, it has to be, but in a way
based on everything we have stated that
Obviously there is still a lot missing, right?
There is still a lot to see, so many things
things eh all the leaks what
has to be from the prosecutor's report
We'll see what comes out of it.
Obviously, as in all cases, I
I will move and think whatever I want
because in the end this is freedom of
expression and everyone can think what they want
what each one
want to see or or see in this case based on
to the evidence and to what has been
exposed and we will see we will go
shelling as we have done until now
now and investigating practically all
the data that comes out and hopefully Trium will release
more data Because we look at them with
magnifying glass and you Jos, eh after this talk
he
955 has moved continues
exactly Well, I think it is
Well, let's leave it here, I don't know if
you want to add something more each one
closing arguments or something like that for
close I think almost everything has been said
we have talked about almost everything and
we have given our opinions, be it the
yours I given mine I do not
I have no
If you liked Javi, what did you think?
straight to but I say now if I can give my opinion
No, we're going to close, can I give my opinion? Yes
yes go on go on let's see I'm more with the
same position as Jos, let's see
Well, but we have already seen it, no. I mean, in
all the time yes no let's see today no today no
I have not given my opinion, that is, here no, I do not say in
all the time all the live shows Not me
No
I see, I don't see that Axel has any clue.
that you say eh Well look Hey well of
police cameras not for example
going to the security cameras of the
door of the hotel where Daniel is
going out and coming in with the backpack
leaving with cargo and entering without cargo
again not after having thrown it away
everything but there is that there is that really yes
We haven't seen it on Trium's website.
No. I mean, for example, these cameras
no but I mean you are seeing that there
carries parts of Ed's body, I don't
Laila to bring the iron and the hairdryer
I think that cooking knives
cooking knives
There are three outings at night to see what
I know that at night hunger strikes
and so on, then it can be anyone
thing but of course The Movida Is that the
move is that man I see some there
photos that can be of any
thing or a photo of a motorcycle, a photo
from another photo and other photos coming out
supposedly to the beach O
I don't see any remains there.
at no time is there any photo that is
He sees that he is carrying the remains of the host. Two enter.
One comes out loaded with a backpack, let's see
comp When we have that one it appears that
quartered when we have a clear idea
see when we have a camera one
missing person And we have them
has seen the two of them arrive on the cameras
along that street A where you go to the hotel and
Only One comes out three times a day
night with a backpack to see if a bull fits
then the next day the other one appears
a hip, let's see then I understand
that's clear but the hip appears in
the landfill what
yes of course but let's see the
literal chronology is eh There is an image
of the two on the motorcycle on the street
entering the bungalow and then we have
These three these three exits of Daniel
exits and entrances okay we have a
testimony of a girl who
rent a calla and then the
hip the next day in the dump
then of course and the other one hasn't come out
from the bungalow the hip its other thing that
which seems strange to me based on
those photos that I don't know if you can post
to see it just the schedules and such but
the one who is in the last one or that is says to the
6:22 will throw more remains into the sea
supposedly in that backpack and at
6:57 he comes back and at 7 he is already in the
Anantara: Well, well, a complete one.
madness the chronology that is upon us
showing here has no for me eh In my
opinion has no meaning to the
11:13 says he's going to throw more
remains to the sea because it is walking or there
we see some garbage cans supposedly
right there and then the other photo of
11:41 is when he comes back from going to throw
those remains to the bungalow for the girl
where it supposedly happened everything goes by
the girl and then goes to the police station and there
the girl the girl the girl the girl no
The photo comes out eh We are already putting in ha
elements that are cl but let's see how you
I'm not saying that the photo comes out
I'm saying that they say it goes with
The girl at the police station at 12 and Med at
12:30 but she says it damn if you me
You tell me if you go to see me Daniel
The days that Laila had are what they are
So if you tell me that
suddenly you don't trust these cameras
because you realize that here appears a
dinosaur then you say that is
These cameras are made with
Artificial Intelligence You Be careful
but no no but he doesn't tell me no to me
A photo of a motorcycle riding says nothing.
fast at 11:32 is that Daniel Sancho
It is really what it is to 111a recognized
that what was done to the body and
recognize that because I suppose that yes, already
He said he is me If I wish him
body I am the one who was on that motorcycle
because in fact he is the only one who has
recognized eh or rather as such as
patient who gets rid of the body that
he cuts it into pieces and it falls apart, it's good
So these images, these images I think
which are the ones we can least deny
because they are the ones he recognizes, that is, I am
guilty
base your statement on your
statement based on your statement
But before they didn't refuse either and
That's why I don't deny them, I say those who
I say those who deny it, I deny it.
I say that whoever denies it can do it the least.
deny at the moment that we have That's right
but let's see later, then we also have the
the image of the backpack we saw
on your on your Twitter okay that's it
Daniel No that is not a picture of a
motorcycle That is Daniel with the same
backpack that we see
not here then of course it is clear that
The theory is that the motorcycle is not known if it is the
same or not there is nothing to be seen in
You can't see anything in those photos, but let's see.
the theory that you handle So it is that
These photos have been mounted for
blame him see me I wonder myself
I also ask if a torso fits
a torso in that backpack in that backpack
It fits a torso, I've never put it in but no
I know we would have to try it for a moment.
torso without the hip and without the head
It's so in that backpack that appears
there on the 757 then which one does it take
on the motorcycle I don't know exactly either
in which one of her does she carry the torso eh? But
Well, there is still one that can be seen
heavier than the one that is for
back which I imagine is where it takes him
I guess that's where I'm taking it. I don't.
I know how he puts it in but you would be surprised
where a torso can fit eh And where
It can fit a whole body, eh, I have
I've seen whole bodies in little suitcases, huh?
You would be surprised Yes but what about what I pee
It is that the clear thought is already the
thought to me no no it doesn't fit me at all
no way no story in the
that a Colombian who has half a
romance is not understood with a
Spanish: eh, they decide to go to a party
one day and there is someone in Thailand
someone from the government not someone
important in Thailand or in the police
from Thailand who is willing to ride
a camera to set up a theater with a
motorcycle to force witnesses to
testify to the story Well but what
We have already seen it in other cases
So for me it doesn't seem that much
strange because there are other cases that we have
since it usually happens that in Thailand
They do that, they put a speech case per
case case but based on It is the first
time the two were going to or so has
Thailand against against Daniel but for
for
What do you think is the motivation of
This crime because Daniel Sancho
commits for me is that the answer
It's always the best for me almost always
The answer is when you look for the most
simple. That is, in the end, a me
story that I believe has happened here
I think the story has happened
This is where Daniel has let himself be loved
by Edwin while he believed that
Edwin was a millionaire and at the time that
He saw that Edwin didn't have what he had
and he became intense with him because he
Having said this, I have to load it and it is
He thought Thailand was the jungle and
and has taken and premeditated everything for
load it there that's what I
I think it's the most logical thing and it kills him but
as he is very clumsy because he is not a
professional killer, well, ask for it
everywhere because she looks like a girl
that was inside the big house
brother has left the fault Say hello to
the camera all over Iceland you know or
be it if he has done anything he has missed
take a photo with the corpse or
record himself while cutting it
you understand me So what is that clear
What's the other story going to be?
They have to catch both of them to handle it
I don't know if it's very well done if it's a
police assembly with all the
police involved here and with all the
Thai judges and the prosecution
involved [ __ ] They've set it up very well
Well man, no, it's not that they are
involved is what the police say
Thai in Thailand goes to mass.
They can't go back on saying that's what we are
seeing with the lawyers that it is not
They want to defend, so we are going to
see if it is an apparent defense if not
They want to defend Daniel Sancho if not
They don't even want to see it
supposed lack of premeditation, they don't want it
not even seeing is that they don't want to
defend wait How are you going to understand that
a defense attorney for Daniel
Sancho does not want to defend Daniel San
because if they are imposing the defense on you
from Spain Well maybe not the same but from
where do we get that no
There is no lawyer who wants it
defend if you have had one just
badly
because defending base logically is that
Let's see if I sign a contract, let's see
If I hire a lawyer here in
Spain no but a prestigious lawyer and
Now a cabinet comes to me, I am a
prestigious lawyer hires me for
defend a person here in Spain and
Now the one who hired me comes to me and
He puts me an entire cabinet from another one
country to tell me what I have to
to do and how do I have to carry it
Of course defense because it can't be done because
I don't know, no. I'm just saying, well.
You keep the defense and you don't
I'm here to what you tell me is that
We are saying that nobody wants it
defend but let's see, he had one first
one of the best-known law firms in
BC eh ended up fighting with
The second he fires him, he is fired
They fire him the second and have the
the one in office that they don't want either, no
the second in command is fired and the
The third is the one who says No, I don't do it.
I defend clearly man Clear man for
That's what I'm telling you, no.
They want to follow the line from Spain that
It would be a line to defend the
accused in this case so you
You may think it's very good but
they there is not that you can not one
person that's why I tell you that what
that they want to give defending is a
perpetual hip or H his l of penalty of
death at the hip perpetually is nothing more
only one to defend Exactly but they
understand what they want to understand what
I want to tell you that they are what they don't
What they are not going to give up is their prestige
defend a Spaniard who has everything coming to him
given from Spain
I'm not listening to that, they don't give me anything, they don't give me anything
It makes you want to go because I heard the
another day the defense there are countries where
the punishments for stealing a loaf of bread
There are 25 lashes at the portal of the
good policeman for that reason
but it happened in the hand to bring me
he
code you are in Thailand you are in
the other part of the world you don't put that for
That but it seems strange to me it seems strange to me
It's curious that people from Spain see
Well this is one thing
say
I don't see it, I don't see it as right that they don't respect each other.
human rights and that there is no
procedural guarantees, what I am
saying is that he is going to do it wherever he is
is going to play and they are going to play with the
chips from there of course
period I'm criticizing that's what I'm
criticizing that it doesn't go to any country and
pass if I think he is guilty if I
I think he is guilty and he did it
there you will have to submit to the law there
that are fair that are not fair to me
they should not have human rights and
they should have a procedural law
guarantor But not for that reason But not for
That's why I'm going to defend his innocence and say
he is not innocent, he does not forgive, let's see you
I say one thing, it has nothing to do with Axel
It will never occur to me
life to go to Palestine and get into
a house to rob, oh my God, of course, but
but if I do it I'll [ __ ] up and dance that
You want me to pretend that you have done it that way.
done there what do I do Or what you do not
I'm going to let you go because you did it
There, man, you haven't done it there, because you
I wouldn't have done it there if I [ __ ] and dance.
Sure man but that's what you're saying
if F did it case if F did it that cl
Of course, but in this case we are
saying of a lawyer that he has to
defend him for God's sake the lawyer
defends with the beautiful Icelandic But
how he defends him from the death penalty
life sentence How is that not a
defense does not say one thing is that
Not all lawyers have to
lie if they think that is so
He follows the line of defense around
his defense, that is, let's see, wait a minute
Wait a second I mean
I go to a lawyer and tell him a no
Just wait a second, I want
I want to expose it, I read a lawyer.
lawyer decides okay I'll do it for you
defense but I'll defend you, you defend yourself
you have pleaded guilty in relation to the
guilt I'm going to try to get it out of you
that I can do the best I can with what I can with what
you have done because I don't believe that you are
innocent and I will defend you around
to this or with respect to this Well, it
What I'm not going to do is lie because I
Tell me from Spain that I have to tell
a story I don't want to tell No
I'm telling you what they say, no
Well, that's not what he has to do.
defense attorney defends him on the basis of
your criteria which they may not accept
because they are very proud there too
which is also said It is that they impose on him
the criterion from outside and also something else
You have to keep one thing in mind
Daniel is a Spanish tourist and a lawyer.
then he's going to stay there he's going to have to
continue working and we are talking about the
type of country that goes against the system and
then staying there is throwing away your best
race to the ba Well that's it Well that's it
same as what I'm saying but
That doesn't mean that he is not guilty of that.
I'm saying that if I wanted to, if you wanted to
do it in a place where there was
more procedural guarantees have not been provided
Thailand Well but what I am
I saying that there is no defense
possible and But it is also that in the end
It is his confession that the confession of
Daniel Sancho is Edwin supposedly
I wanted to have sex
with me and then that fight started
last one that one the last one of course well the one
last one no good sorry sorry the last one
not the first one who says yes I'm talking to you about
abuse Sorry I got confused about abuse
Of course, of course, that is, what is said in the
reconstruction is that too, that is and it
From confession to the end Daniel Sancho
the testimony he makes is
a crime, that is, a crime not a
homicide with accidental homicide
accidental what would be known here in
Spain I don't know if in Thailand it would be the same
whatever he confesses is that then
there will be that
go enjoy
give in judgment what Daniel says
I heal a memory
in the end we go to that it does not exist
premeditation because the woman tells me so
person who has committed the crime
but the lawyer will have to defend him in
based on what Daniel Sancho confesses no
say
I am the lawyer but if he is
admitted premeditation in the first
statement that is his problem he admits
premeditation, that's what you said
until now eh I don't know in the first
statement in which it is declared
guilty admits premeditation not it
I have in front of you, I repeat it again clearly
We haven't seen it either, but you say it, no.
Or you know you say No but admit it
It admits the premeditation that by
that's why for that very reason a second that's why
That's why they call it
declare to to this to what's his name
First abado to a kunana they call him
declare because he admits the
premeditation in the first statement
that it is not that they force to declare
Kugan Kun Anan can be denied according to Han
said I don't know either because I don't know
Thai laws on the subject of
that of attorney confidentiality
client no then Ah he call him to
declare because Daniel Sancho in the
first statement in which it is declared
The guilty party admits premeditation and
admit it but that seems normal to you
It seems normal
that they want to take Kanan to a
testify against him but I don't know
the laws that are there or whatever but I don't know
what's there shouldn't be me
First thing I said was here in Spain
that would be unthinkable of course Spain is the
life but it is not in Spain but it is not
happening in Spain You think that everything
what has been done in Spain benefits
Daniel Sancho Tell me the truth everything that
everything that has been done for by has been done
part of the defense of the
representation of Carmen Balfagon Chirr
all of them You believe that everything that is
the sets have spoken what they have spoken
spokespersons eh I'm not talking to you about what
that the journalists have spoken to me
I don't care about the spokespersons of the
family everything they have talked about and everything
what they have said from the beginning
because when a spokesperson speaks we have
that taking into account one thing does not speak in
His name speaks for himself because he is
spokesperson if not don't be one and talk to
total freedom So you think that
has sincerely benefited you from
heart for me no Eh I speak to you for
you, so it has benefited Daniel
Sancho everything that d
If you think that there hasn't been any from Thailand
I've been seeing everything they've been saying
Here from the Thai police of the
Thai investigative courts
You think that I was very careful
spokespersons no
I know okay okay okay okay Yes it seems to me
Yes, it seems to me that
Yes, very restrained, there is the motel there
There is the motel, they must have made a mistake
sometime like Come on as it could
have made a mistake But to me I
It seems that they are a criminological office
legal one of the best in Spain
The best criminologist in Spain is
defending It seems to me that it is up to me
It seems that we are coming up because
one of the best criminologists but
not the best there you know that you know that it was
the one who made him you know that baron was the one
who made the report
as good as he was, he also did it too
but well one of
she'll the murderer of
Damn, I can't think of it now, but why?
what are we talking about you asked
your opinion asked you if you think it has
beneficiary I have asked you if you believe
that has benefited me I think is
working well they have their thing eh
I think the topic The strategy that
He wants to continue the defense, I don't see it.
not bad at all based on what there is
exposed to this day and the evidence
what I say about confession what I say
Daniel Sancho confessed that's where they're going
throw away. In other words, in the end it will not be either.
So we are talking about that
that in Thailand lawyers
Defenders and all that even not even the
Defense lawyers want to defend him and
We are going to bring a Spanish criminologist and
Spanish experts as they are going to carry out
contribute to the defense You think they are going to
to listen to the experts and the
Spanish criminologists the other day
The gentleman said, "Well, if necessary, now."
We go to the forensics not like Well
then it's good You think that
strategy is good or so I mean
Thailand but they will have to work
I ask you I ask you seeing yes But ha
that working in relation to you you don't know the
that saying that says that where it went to
that I see I mean you think it is
good Because yes because for Spain To the
better is very good but you think it is
good to try is that if you don't
try at least try not the
fish is already sold but I can
try mass but you can try
That or maybe we should follow another one
defensive line that also benefits more
To the prisoner I don't know which one it is because I am not
criminal lawyer I'm telling you yes
You think it benefits you. It's that for me
what has been done does not benefit him and so what
is what would benefit Daniel somewhat
Sancho of course for that but there is something that
would benefit Daniel Sancho there is nothing
If Daniel Sancho as I say for myself In
my opinion When he stepped he put a foot in
That police station is where Daniel's fate is
wrote as the message he sends to
That girl, I'm dead in life, you
it
He says I don't know his destination when he put the
foot in the police station I know when he put the
foot in the bungalow with eleta there it was
where Daniel Sancho sealed his fate by
luck, misfortune
for I think eh or rather it is that it is that it is
very easy to say as the sono said What
Daniel had bad luck finding himself
with a [ __ ] host the one who finished in 14
pieces were egn eh I remember it for everything
He who doesn't know it wasn't Daniel, you know.
Who had the worst luck of the two?
Well, it seems that I said it the sono
on television it seems that the two
They could have had bad luck, damn it.
I prefer to be alive because life is life
Daniel Sch is being sentenced or
accusing the death penalty as well in this
case we started talking about two victims
They killed Aed, they killed him. That is, he didn't decide.
die
Of course, Daniel Sancho can be executed.
also something that is about dying and something else
that you look for it
death you think you decided that he
decided that I think not
decided those are two positions on
left Colombia which is supposed to
had had a problem with ewi had it
what to report for harassment and what not
you each think that it is true that it is
lie I don't know how he likes the other
witness of de cangan I have no idea
if it will be true or bro have shown up
I don't know, I don't know either, but oh well, what?
you think clearly
Damn, I don't think so, but I don't.
I know I haven't seen the complaint you think
that it is not true that no and you
that if it is, it doesn't matter, but that
It doesn't matter if it is if it is true That's it
complaint How is it that nothing is happening? What's happening?
I know it will influence, they are not judging it
That's why in Thailand it is actually not
They are judging Edwin, they are judging
Daniel the difference is that we are the same
We have confused who they are judging
But they are not judging Edwin.
Juan is here, but what does that have to do with it?
are
taking from the year 2005 one thing
supposed
that it wasn't Daniel of course and what also
Daniel is taking out a complaint of
It has nothing to do with it either.
It has nothing to do with that trial but Ah
but now we are talking about it and it is
what I have said has nothing
that has nothing to do with the case that has nothing to do with
will influence the case is what I have
said okay okay or that is to say that it does not influence what
that it is but it influences Maybe in the
way of expressing opinions and thinking about the case
based on what could have happened is di
in the way of thinking but not in the
case I'm talking about the Okay Aha case
you also have to have one
It is clear that a person is alive,
He may be a bad person or a very bad person.
person no I mean no I'm not saying that in this
If so, I don't know any.
He may be the worst person
Of the clear world, I don't know, father, I
I don't know Daniel Sancho, I don't know
I don't know any of their relatives
none of the friends are here
giving an opinion based on a case but
obviously
He is a victim for the fact of being
victim does not make it a good one
person not For that And that is what it takes
be clear about it also in But why?
To see if he deserved to die.
they killed obviously not obviously
not that logically it has a trajectory
which logically would be a person who
but but it does not interfere in this case
I mean it's not going to influence what
Did you do this 20 years ago or 10 or 15 years ago?
Well
but it is something that we are thinking about
based on fact if we see the profile If we
Let's get to it, Daniel has a pending issue.
trial by party
D1 no and will not influence current and
It's not going to influence either, that is, me
when I when I know when when I
leather in a Ta I don't break anyone's d
eh or so Where do we have the limit of
aggressiveness and how far one goes
person no Well maybe that profile and
However, it will not influence either because
that has nothing to do with the trial
that we are talking about no. So I
I think all this is worth doing
opinion to make people's opinion
really but when it comes down to it
the trial is not going to influence what is going on here
to influence is that there were two people in
a room and a die is a game
As Borja says, the defense is based on letters.
to put their cards in the balance and the prosecution will
put yours and the judge will decide if
was it premeditated or was it not premeditated?
the problem of that testimony that is
Javi is saying that supposedly
We already have it, eh, if we take that testimony
as supposedly real eh Like you me
you are commenting we already have three
testimonies are practically identical and
of three different people and of
three of the country that is something that that
the less curious, no less strange
Thailand Chile the alleged partner of
du challenge and in Colombia this boy in the
year 2005 or very similar with and don't you
It seems strange, doesn't it seem strange to you that
now three Ah carit appear until with
the bite in the
hand looks like it has a bite on it
evidently, the one from Colombia does not have
be biting the hand say you don't think so
It's strange that testimonies just come out, calca lo
what happened
then presume to you pair rare that
just appear from Daniel Sancho
certain things
of the pending trial No because I have not
seen the complaint and the boy
This was the complaint
Put it there
the program with him and with Put it where I have
seen
report the complaint with Colombia there
In the program appeared No if falsify in
he
program what comes out there in the
PR Good but they appear
the simul simulate what p as a
animation dequ of writing Good but it is
what it says is what it says
Of course and also he told her how bad
Daniel was lucky to meet
Well but but no but that's that program
They didn't remove it either so yes
If not, remove it and continue, we'll see.
that is to say we see that this was not reported
program was either not removed or not sued
which
I know therefore we see there that there is
a small chance that
supposedly could become real
not based on that testimony I don't know
I don't know if I think that's true.
Yes, I believe it is true. Let's see what I
I am neither on one side nor the other
neither against the other That that in
concretely we can now enter into that no
I'm telling you this because it's a thing that happened 20 years ago.
years that also of course if it is a
thing 20 years ago no, ...
20 years ago I was able to make a contraption and
do a lot of things but not what
do it 20 years ago if it matters little anymore
what do you do 5 ago 10 ago imagine
one thing makes 20 now that I think that
That's true because I don't think that
wait dare to catch to see what we have
seen everything goes we have seen everything
on TV and and they can
inventory I think that is true
but we've all seen we've all seen
programs that claim to denounce
and the complaint comes out and they give it to you. And
also subr already with with with an eding
yellow and all so you can see
exactly the one from this one They didn't release it eh
Nothing is that it didn't come out and but no I don't think so
I want them to be on the Son Ay a program
My grandmother told me, my grandmother told me
Grandma Don and I thought they are cousins not to
see now but to
see then we can't believe it eh A
See, I don't think that's false, I don't
I think they'll take it and see if you tell me what it is.
better from another socialite's show
Well, I tell you, well in socialite we have
since complaints have been fabricated and
judgments and things, that is, literal but
Man, I don't think so, I think he doesn't know.
They have invented Claro if the program says
that they have the complaint and everything, I don't know.
I would think so, I've seen programs
who have said that they have complaints and that
They have videos of the Maria trial
Patio is being sued because in
socialite invented a trial
Antonio David who never passed away you know
but they said they have the cameras
Witnesses and neighbors but it is
It's true that in this case Antena 3, well
I don't think I think that with the journey
that Antena 3 has been running lately. Sorry.
that you doubt it now yes
If it doesn't give me any clue as
Axel denying these cameras
security that we have seen not the three
four cameras because it doesn't give me any
clue for me to think that it is false
you understand In the case of Mara Patillo
when the trial of the
Antony av coe posters because there was one
series of things and a series of moves that
They will think about it now, but in this case
Well, I don't think that's false.
I don't think it's fake, but it's good to see you.
It has nothing to do with it.
Even if it is real, it has nothing to do with it.
even if it was 7 years ago What
It matters today what you have
made 7 years ago you understand or that is that
we are talking about a lot
time
that it doesn't matter Let's see no no no it's not a
crime of murder no What is the crime
who harassed a boy who was
obsessed and such good yes it is ugly No no
Let's say that being pretty is wrong
We will say that it is wrong and we will prove it
cl but no no no it is not a crime of of of
that man if you take me and I
You say that suddenly he has I don't know how many
history of killing people or
rape you understand me but that session with
one has already come out one in 20 years you know no
has come out you know it's not to say that there is
I'm telling you it doesn't matter
not at all in it and they come out and they will come out and But
That's what all trials are about, people who
Then he tells you that if criminal is like
when the women were going to the trial
They said it's not that you put on a very good show
short, that is, they rape the girl and
because she wore her dress very short, that is
In the end, I think he often tries
Here the story is a middle ground to see
Yes, yes, yes, I have to give my opinion, I think that the
History is a middle ground, I do believe.
that ewin would be I'm not going to tell you what
better as much as Daniel puts it not as
that I wanted to rape him and so on but I
Yes, I think Win would be intense and
annoying with Daniel who would be a
I had a little session with him, but I did.
I can come to think too and I
I also don't have a single put of ara in the
idea that I build on everything
that we have been seeing during these months
Man, well, I think that even though
do not justify a murder and a
dismemberment I do think that
Surely this Win is a little bit F
hand obsessed with this guy
supposedly it is not worth it and the threat What
happens he has to kill him for it or so
It is less crime because you
threaten So now I can if I
someone threatens me I'll go
I kill for example in my case I don't
I think it is justified clear code dec
t Put yourself on, put on your clothes to kill him a
premeditated crime
not in the case I mean we have to
Let him go because the other one threatened him
Look, they threatened me once and I went to
The Civil Guard listens to me.
They threatened me once I went to the guard
civil I went to the Civil Guard I say look
I'm receiving threats from so-and-so and
He told me we can't do anything
until there is something tacit or is
until something concrete happens with that
person because they have threatened you no
we can't do anything, that is, you can put
a complaint but it will not serve to
nothing and it's the guard room
civil, meaning that he threatens you
someone who tells you I'm going to take you
I'm going to do this to make you kill
someone then then he would be there
cemetery full of people who threaten
another no no no is not an excuse something else is
that you are hitting and in the fight he
you hit a bad blow and die that's a
voluntary manslaughter in a
motivation and an extenuating circumstance in this case
If there were death threats, I'm sure
that Daniel has his motivation and his
motivation logically nobody kills for
nothing has it other than that it is
coherent clear everyone has it
Look hey patri noira you his motivation
Miguel
carcao without accusing anyone because I
I'm going to invent right now okay But to
Let's see, we're going to have a clear thing.
let's see what legally is none
motivation is justified at the level
legal in some countries there are things that
can be an extenuating circumstance now also you
I say if my sister has a person
that he threatens to rape her and is
chasing eh every day for the
street has already tried to attack her
physically a few times it happens
that has not managed to achieve it and therefore
that I meet him with the
hands in the dough or trying it man
You might go a little crazy or you might
They are going to condemn you, they are going to condemn you
kill him, don't beat him up so much that he shits you
No, but there you meet him.
another thing conar but there is one you know clear
but there you have met him with the
you haven't had your hands in the dough, you haven't been
done for example here in Spain no
There is premeditation But there is
treachery
Imagine if that example changes in the
meaning of there for example would be
involuntary homicide could be
fall less sad but imagine the same
case and you now take Y instead of that
you pick it up with your hands
drug him, you meet him in a bar, you get him
a little pill, you narcotize him and you kill him
You already have treachery for many threats
that person has done you will fall
with murder with alos threatening you will not
remove pain but not Let's see if it is
that's precisely what I'm
trying to say what I am
trying to say is that legally nothing
It justifies nothing to you. Now there are many times
that situations can give you in life
in which you commit an act you no longer
I say kill a beating a slap a
insult that you can commit acts that
don't be legal in response something Don't it
legally justify that they will condemn you
but there is an explanation here
we are talking about a murder and it is
very complicated that there is an explanation
But hey, I'm also interested in history.
know to what extent the other learned
I think that's what we do
What is more interesting in this case is to know the
motivation not really What happened
there really was a motivation to
getting to do that on Daniel's part
Sancho what was really why
was allegedly threatening to
death or with his family as he had
filtered Clear but but but what
let's know the motivation if I am
okay, so there has to be one
motivation for sure and he has it no
It means that it takes away the pain, that is, it is
that is what I want that is
difference that's what I want
let's have the Look for example you for
Example: You walk down the street and you get mugged.
A guy with a knife is worth it and hits you.
a
knife you take the knife the guy
runs out the guy falls to the ground and
you stab it in the ground and it is no longer
homicide is already aggravated homicide
accuse of
murder and you have defended yourself no no no you
you have defended Because the other has enida
You understand what I'm telling you so that
you see So no Because there is a
Motivation means that you have
less pain Of course we are interested
logically And more so if for example one is
criminologists criminologists of the
things that interest them most are the
motivation of the crime is normal but
logically if there is premeditation if
There is one that I don't know that will have to be
prove it in court yes for me siry
but I don't know, the motivation doesn't matter
that you have because you have premeditated it, no
It has been during an act if the thing does not
you go with him to a hotel but we are going
Let's see, I think that the hotel is
It was to grab there, that is, Sia thing no
you are going to stay in a hotel but if it is that
yes yes he is staying with him for
kill him anyway These are
stories that we are making up that
We are not accusing nor are we doing anything.
We are speculating, okay, so, presto, I
I am giving examples of what to see
that obviously will never be legal
a legal justification but look
any of the cases of children
that we have seen that have been kidnapped or
that they have murdered whatever, imagine
that a father takes justice into his own hands
Hey, they killed a child and a father
takes justice into his own hands
Of course the law will do it.
condemn clearly the law will condemn him
There is nothing but we don't know anything here either
the motivation of the crime because the only thing
that we have right now to connect cl
I am giving an example of that
let's imagine something strong but that
The problem we have here is that
Only Daniel remains then alone
Let's get to know Daniel's version of things.
I explain or I don't explain, we don't know anything
more So you can believe Daniel or not
You can believe it, I believe that I believe
that no J I think that with time uncle or
even today, for example, there are
cases that are coming out 14 years
then information is coming out
I think that in the end, with time, they will go
things coming out and and and things come out that
You can investigate but really
What happens that day friends or people
What really happens
that day there he knows nothing more than
Daniel and Edwin Edwin is dead and
Daniel is alive so I don't know.
that there was a camera inside the
bungalow and not record it and everything we are not going
never knowing what really happened there
inside the bual not because the la al
It seemed to be damaged, they said.
entry but I think that to say that the
entrance chamber we do not see inside
I mean that in the end it happens like in
all the murders the sentences
when they come out even Here in Spain you
They make some proven facts that is what
They believe that it is closer to the story
of what could have happened because the victim
She's dead, she can't tell you what
happened and because the one who told you about it
What he told you was the murderer.
for example Ana Julia Quesada who
murdered Gabriel, she says she did it
because the child was such and such that she did not want
do it and what he did was a
accident not the civil guard demonstrates
no and from there on what counts
The Civil Guard is a speculation in
based on certain evidence but does not know
for sure because I wasn't there
you understand they prove that it is not a
accident Because there are a series of
clues that lead them to
but they can't really know how
does or why does he do it because they are not
there and the only thing they have is the
testimony of her, do you understand me? That is to say,
motivation Of course it would be interesting
know it But unfortunately only
We are going to know the motivation that
want to tell
Daniel I think
eh No, I think that with time they will
going out to check the weather always goes
putting things in their place And me that
I know that who knows what might appear
appear let's go no no as you want s
that in the end you have put me here in the
debate and this is a two against one This
It can't be me, I don't like this, I'm
moderating Well, I'm voiceless now
Well, if I talk about buts because I'm almost there
voice I I don't hear you strange no too a
a little bit
Axel Rey, you have a live show tomorrow or something.
that you want to notify yes we will surely do
double video surely Lopez at 7 and
then at 10 or 9 we will do Daniel
Sancho too. Well, tomorrow I'll be waiting for the
Axel Blaz's channel then I changed the T
Alne change the title for the sake of Ivn
change put Axel blaz so that you
blaz appears
16th place no Dale no Put put it what of
below that comes out you have not put it you have put it
you have written well yes no but Tom the
title must be put correctly that what
takes all Ah yes No but I say down for
let people see it
there it is
people up you tomorrow direct No yes me
straight to 10 o'clock that Toc tomorrow then
I want to talk to Dan
Sancho has done this to you
debate this debate Also tomorrow at
Tomorrow throughout the morning I will
publish Borja's video
I wanted to talk about the Bor Vale Vale video.
okay okay okay okay they're not telling me
that if it has changed that it is me yes yes
it's changed it's changed
Here here, clearly, where I see it, guys.
It's changed, okay, okay, perfect.
perfect I better go to the little one for
If you want to go there, subscribe.
I'm going to see you, eh? I'm going there.
I'm going there, I don't know what you want, but I'm going
subscribe to Axel there and
subscribe to trion if there is one
anyone out there who isn't subscribed
We'll still see each other tomorrow. Well, not tomorrow.
I know if we see each other but probably yes
It's not live on video these do do
Live tomorrow so I want you there
with the bell activated guys a
pleasure a pleasure Likewise uncle I think
that a piece of programming has impressed me
liked it brutal br I think we will do it
Part two No, I'm in, we'll do part
let's see, people want a part
two but we will wait for more to come out
things
Of course, uncle, there is a need, there is a need, there is a need
put it together like I mean more eh do like
prior to putting a video here there
debate of let's do this today you know
like giving it like a drum whatever it is
as more So to speak what with
a because today was like Ed not with the
This series is about the girlfriend putting the
horns
can't ride gu Jos we can
meet and record a taser like the
Ricky Eddy you come and you come here and you
sit on my knee there I put myself not you
knee
true tea
true as Ricky Edi
Listen to me, what a bastard, eh, see you later
family see you at the canijo bye
bye